<USER_REQUEST>
use this transcript Hello and welcome back to another exciting tutorial of great stack. In this tutorial, we are going to build a full stack AI powered social media automation application a stepby step using mstack. This is going to be a powerful realworld project where user can connect multiple social media platform and manage everything from a single dashboard. Users will be able to schedule and publish post across multiple social media platform and generate engaging social media content using AI. So let's look at the project demo that we are going to create in this video. So this is the homepage of our SAS application where you can see we have the navigation bar, welcome message and we have some stats here. Then we have the features and here we have the testimonials and pricing plan. Then we have the CTA and footer. Now we have the sign in or get started button. If I click here, it will open the sign-in page and we can click on this link to open the signup page. Here we can enter the name, email ID and password to create a new account and just come to sign in. And here we can use the existing email ID and password for sign in. So let's add the email ID and password to sign in. After login or sign in, you will come to the dashboard where you can see all the stats like total scheduled post, published post and connected accounts. Then we have the recent activities here. Now in the left side we have the logo and at the bottom we have user's name, email id and sign out button. If I go to accounts page you can see all the connected social media accounts. We can create or connect a new platform using this button. We'll click here and let's click on this Instagram. So using this we can connect the Instagram account with this application so that we can automate the content on Instagram. Now you can see we have connected the Instagram profile also. After that here we have the scheduleuler. In this one we can add the post manually. We have to choose the platform first. Let's choose LinkedIn and Instagram. And here we can add the post content. We can upload the image or video also. And from here we can choose the date and time for scheduling and schedule the post. The scheduled post will be displayed here in the upcoming post and the published post will be displayed here in this list. So here we have three published post. After that here we have the AI composer. In this one we have the option to generate the post using AI. We can simply enter the prompt and we can enable this toggle button. So it will also generate the image for our post. So let's add the prompt here. create a post about launching a new nextjs course. We will enable this image generation option. So it will generate the image also for this post and click on this generate button. First it will generate the text content and with that it will also generate the image generation prompt and using that prompt it will generate the image. So it is going to take few minutes. So we will pause this and start again after generating the content. Now you can see our content has been generated. We have added this prompt. And this is the text content generated using AI. And after that we have the hashtags also. And here we have the generated image. And uh and after that we can schedule the post using this popup. So we can choose the platform. Let's choose LinkedIn and Instagram. We will choose the date and let's choose the time. So we will choose the time that is very next minute. Then click on this schedule post. After that here you will find all the AI generated post list here and come to scheduleuler. Here you will find the scheduled post. After publishing it will be removed from here and will be displayed under this published post. You can see it has been added in the published post. After that we can verify our social media platform. So let me open my LinkedIn and Instagram. Here you can see on the LinkedIn profile the content has been published. Here we have the text and image also. And you can see it is published just now. Let me open the Instagram. So here you can see we have the post has been published. We have the content hashtag and image and it is published 1 minute ago. Right? So this is the main feature of our application. To handle the social media automation, we will use ZIO which allows us to connect and automate multiple social media platforms using a single API. We will also use code ravit for AI powered code reviews and bug fixes to improve the development workflow and code quality. In this project, we will build a complete full stack application with authentication, API integration and AI features. So if you want to learn how to build a real world AI SAS application using merge stack, this tutorial is perfect for you. Now let's start building this amazing project a stepby step. To create our project, we will come back to the desktop screen and here we'll create a new folder. So let's add the folder name social scheduleuler. Now in this folder we have to create the front end and back end of our project. But in the front end we'll create the landing page and with that we'll also create the dashboard. In the dashboard, we'll add the functionality like uh creating a new post, connecting the social media profile and we will automate the post creation and schedule the post on social media profile. We will create the dashboard a step by step but we will create the landing page using the template that we have already published on our GitHub profile. So let's open great stack dev GitHub profile. Just use this URL github.com/greatestackdev. Here you will find this repository social media automation. Just open this repo and uh after that you need to download this code. So just click on this button code and select download zip. So it will download a zip file. Now let's drag this zip file on the desktop screen. So let's select it and drag it here. Next we have to extract this file. So right click here and select extract here. Now in this one we have all the files and folder where we have created our landing page. So let's change the folder name. I'll write client. After that move this client folder in our project folder which is social scheduleuler. Next we will open this project folder with VS code. So right click and select open with code. Now in this VS code you can see we have this client folder which is the front end. Now in this one we have to install the dependencies. So right click here and select open in integrated terminal. Here we'll simply write npm install. So it will start adding the dependencies in this client project. And after adding the dependencies, we can start our project. In this client, you can see a new folder has been created which is node_modules. Now here we'll add npm rundev. So it will start the project on local URL which is localhost 5173. Just copy this URL and paste it in the web browser. So here you can see our project is running. Here we have the landing page where you can see the navigation bar, hero section, we have some stats and features. Here we have the testimonials, pricing, call to action and footer. Then we have the sign-in page also. Let's click on this sign-in button or link. It will open the sign-in page. And here we have the signup page also or signup form. Let's click on this logo. It will open the homepage or landing page. So this is the landing page of our application. Next, we have to create the dashboard. So we will create the dashboard a stepby step in VS code. Before creating the dashboard let me integrate a code review tool with our application. For that we are going to use code rabbit. Code rabbit is an AI powered code review tool. It reviews your pull requests automatically. It finds issues and suggests improvements. This helps you to keep your code clean and it saves a lot of review time. To integrate the code rabbit with our project, first we have to deploy our project on GitHub. So let me just come here in the VS code and uh I'll click on this source control icon then click on initialize repository. Here you can see we have lots of files. So let me add the g ignore file in our project. So let's come here and in this root folder which is the social scheduleuler we will create a new file. So here we'll add the file name dot get ignore and in this file simply add node_modules and with that we'll add env save the changes and uh after that let's click on this source control icon again. So now you can see we have 31 files. Here we'll add the message first commit. Then click on publish branch. And after that here we have the option to choose the private or public repository. So let me choose this GitHub private repository with this name social scheduleuler. So it will push our code on GitHub. After that let me open my GitHub profile. So you can see our project has been added here in this GitHub repository. Right now after that we have to integrate the code rabbit with this repo. For that just click on the link given in the description and open code rabbit website and click on login or get a free trial. So I already have the account. I'll come to login and let me continue with my GitHub account. So I'll choose this one. After sign up, you will come to this screen where you can see we have a button add repositories and here also we have the button add repositories. So I'll click on this button. After that from this list we'll choose this only select repositories. From this drop-down let me add the repository name to social scheduleuler. Then click on install and authorize. After integrating this repository, let me verify it. I'll open the GitHub repo again. Then go to settings. And here we will open GitHub apps. So in this one, the code rabbit is available. It means we have configured the code rabbit with our project. Now after that, let me come back to the VS code. In this one, we will open this menu. And here we will choose this branch and select create branch. And let me add the branch name development. So we have created one new branch called development. Then click on publish branch. So now whenever we will make any changes or we'll create a new page or feature and we will commit the changes it will come to the development branch and whenever we will create a pull request then the code rabbit will automatically review our code and we can also use the code rabbit CLI feature using that we can review our code in the terminal also. So we will review the code later. First let's create the new page that will be for the dashboard. So in this client we have the src and then we have pages. In this one you can see we have home and login. So here let's create our new page that will be dashboard. So right click here and select new file and write the file name dashboard dot tsx. Here we'll add R A F CE to create the component structure. Now after that we'll create the next page that will be accounts page where we can link different social media accounts. So here we'll add a new file accounts dot tsx and write afce for creating the component structure. Now we'll create the next file that is AI composer dot tsx. Then we'll create the next file that is scheduleular.tsx. So we have created these pages. Next we'll create the components also. So in the components let's add uh new file and write the file name layout.tsx. Here we'll add RAFC to create the component structure. Then we'll add the sidebar component. So let's add new file in this components with the name sidebar. TSX. Now after that let me add these files in the app.tsx so that we can create the route. So let's open app.tsx and uh in this one here you can see we have the route for homepage and login right just after this here we'll add the new route. It will be route opening and closing tag. Now here in this route let's add element and in this element we'll add the layout component. So just add opening arrow layout and import it from the components mount it here. Now after that here we'll add the route tag. It will be self-closing tag and in this route tag just add the path. So the path will be / dashboard and in this dashboard we will use the element and provide the opening arrow dashboard from the page. Let's add the self-closing tag. Now duplicate it. Here we'll add the route that is / accounts and here we'll use the accounts page. Now duplicate it. Here we'll add route that is schedule and here we'll use the page name that is scheduleuler. Import from pages. After that, duplicate it. Here we'll add the route called AI composer and then we'll add the page name. So just mount this AI composer page. So we have added the routes here. Correct? So whenever we will open / dashboard, it will mount the layout also and this dashboard also. After that we will open our layout file because in this layout we have to mount our sidebar. So just open the components then layout.tsx. So in this one you can see here we have a div. So in this div we will add space and let's mount our sidebar. import it from the components folder. So we have mounted this sidebar here. Now after that let me just open our application in the web browser. So this is our app. Here we'll add / dashboard. So you can see it is displaying this sidebar because we have mounted the layout here. And inside the layout we have mounted our sidebar. Now after this sidebar we have to display one navigation bar also. And below that navigation bar we will display the dashboard content. For that we will come back to the VS code. And uh here let's add some TIN classes. So in this first div let's add class name property and here we will add the flex. Then we'll add the height screen and we'll add the background color. Now after that here we'll add one comment that is mobile overlay. And here let's add one state. It will check the mobile menu is open or closed. So first we have to create that state. So here let's add con is mobile menu open and setter function set is mobile menu open equal to use a state and initialize it using false. Now after that let's use it here we'll add curly braces is mobile menu open and so when it is true in this case we will add a div or let me use the self-closing div only like this. Now in this div we'll add some classes. So just add the class name property and provide these classes. After that here we'll add on click in this on click property just add the add function and it will call the setup function set is mobile menu open and make it false. Right now after that here we have this sidebar. Now in this sidebar just add is open equal to curly braces and provide this is mobile menu open. After that we will provide this set is open and here we will add set is mobile menu open. So we will pass it as props. Now after that here we'll create a div after this sidebar create a div and in this div first we have to create the top bar and after that we have to add our outlet in the outlet we'll display the other content like dashboard content right so for this top bar let's add the tag called header we have added the header tag and after this header we'll add the main tag. Now in this main simply add outlet and import the outlet from react router DOM. Right? Now in this main we have to add the classes. So just add the class name property and provide flex one overflow auto then some padding. After that we'll open our web page. Here you can see we have this sidebar and dashboard also. Now let me just come here and uh we will add the classes in this div. So in this one we will add the class name property provide flex one then flex flex column and overflow hidden. After that let's add some classes in this header also. So in this header we'll add the class name property and provide these TIN classes. Now in this header we have to add a button. So let's add the button tag. And in this button we have to add the menu icon. So here let's add menu icon from Lucid React. Now let's add the size for this icon. So the size will be six. And then we have to provide some classes for this icon I mean this button. So in this button we have added these classes. Next we have to add the onclick property. So simply add the onclick property. Add the add function. And within this add function we will use set is mobile menu open and make it true. So when we click on this icon it will open the mobile menu. Now after this button we have to add a div where we have to add the page title like dashboard or AI post generator or account. So here we'll add the title in H1 tag and uh for this H1 let's add some classes right and here we'll add the title like dashboard. After that here we have to add the small text in P tag. So in this P tag we will add this small text. After that we have to add some classes in this small paragraph also. So we have added these classes. Now we will save the changes and open our web page. So now here you can see we have one top bar or nav bar where you can see the page title dashboard and this a small text. But this dashboard title should be dynamic. If I go to other route like if I go to accounts here also you can see we are getting the dashboard only. So we will make it dynamic. Let's just come back here and scroll up. Here we will add con page titles colon record and provide the angle bracket. Here let's add the a string comma string and here just add the path name that is / dashboard. So when the path name is / dashboard, it will display the title called dashboard. Then add comma here. Similarly, we will add the path accounts. Then the title will be social accounts. Then we'll add the next path that is schedule. Then the title will be posted. Then we'll add the next path that is AI composer. Then the title will be AI composer. Correct. Now after that here we have the react. Let's remove this import. It is not in use. Now after that here let's add the title. So simply add con title equal to page title and after that we have to get the path name from the location. So let's get the location also. So let's add con location equal to use location and import the use location from react router DOM and just use the location dot path name. So we'll get the path name or let's add the title name that is social AI. Save the changes. Now just place this title here in this H1 tag in this H1 simply add curly braces and provide this title. Save the changes and come back here. So now you can see here we have the title called social accounts and here we have accounts page. Then let's open dashboard. So here you can see the title is dashboard and this dashboard. Next we have to create our sidebar. So just open the VS code and uh let's open the components and sidebar.tsx file. Now in this sidebar tsx here we have a div right. So let's add some space in this div. And here we have to add some classes. Here we will use some dynamic classes also. So just add the curly braces back tick and in this one let's simply add the Kelvin classes. So these are the fixed classes. After that we will use some dynamic classes. For that we need the data from props. So here we will destructure the props first. So here in this sidebar function just add curly braces. Use is open colon set is open. Then we have to add colon curly braces and provide is open boolean comma set is open and provide the arrow function where the value is boolean and returning void. Now after that here let's use this dollar sign curly braces is open. If it is true in this case just add the transform x0 and if it is false then use minus transform x full. That's it. Now after that here we have to add the logo in the sidebar. So just add the comment called logo and provide a div. Now in this div we have to add some padding. So we have added this padding. Now after that we'll add another div and uh in this one we will add the img tag for adding our logo image. So in this src simply add / logo dot SVG and after that we'll add the alt text that is logo and uh after that we have to add the class name. So in this class name just add the size six. Next, we'll add some classes in this div that contains our logo image. So, we have added these Telvin classes. Let's save the changes and uh after that I'll come back here. So, here you can see we have one icon in the sidebar. Now, with this icon, we have to add the text also. So, just after this image, we'll add this text called. And you can see we have this icon and the text called scheduleuler. Next we have to add the navigations here. Right? So we will come back here. After this div that is for the logo. Here we will add the comment nav section label and create a div. In this div we'll add the aspan tag and in this aspan we'll add the label text menu. Now let's add the classes for this span. So in this span we have added the class name property and provided these classes and provide some padding in the div also. So in the div we have added these classes. Save the changes and come back here. So here you can see we have this label text that is menu and then we have to display our menu items. Right? So let's come here and uh add the comment called nav links. Then we'll use the nav tag. In this nav tag, we have to provide some Telvin classes. So just add the flex one. Then padding from X and a space Y. Then we'll add curly braces and use the nav items. So we have to create one nav items array. So let's scroll up and uh here before this return let's add con nav items equal to one array. In this array just add the first object where we will add the name. So the name property will be dashboard. Then we have to add the icon. So here let me add one icon name that is layout dashboard icon import it from lucid react then we have to add the path and in the path we'll add / dashboard so this is the first object now let's add the next one where we'll add the name accounts and use this user icon from lucid react and the path these accounts. After that we'll add the third one. So the third menu item is scheduleuler and import this icon that is calendar days icon and this path. Now we'll add the fourth menu item that will be for AI composer. So for this AI composer we are going to use this icon from Lucid React and path is AI composer. Now just mount this nav items here in this nav links. So add the nav links dot map method. In this map add the add a function and get the individual item in the parameter. Then add curly braces here. And let's add const is active. And for this is active we have to use the location. So let's get the location also. So call up here we'll add con location equal to use location from react router DOM. After that simply add is active equal to location dot path name equal to item dot path name. So we will come to know that this link is active or not. Now then we'll add the return statement where we'll add the parenthesis and provide the navl link tag from react router DOM. Use this nav link opening and closing tag. Now within this just add the item dot name. Add it in curly braces. item dot name and uh after that let's add curly braces is active and a span tag and in this span tag we have to add some classes only. So we can remove it and use the self-closing tag and simply add the class name property and provide these delin classes. Next we have to add some icon. So before this item dot name let's add opening arrow item dot icon. And for this icon we have to provide some classes. So just add the class name property. Then add the curly braces and back text where we'll add the size and shrink zero. Then we'll add dollar sign curly braces and use the is active. If it is active then we will use this red color. Else we'll use the other color. So just add colon and provide this text slate 500. Now let's add some other properties in this nav link. So in this nav link we'll add the key property. In this key just add the item dot name. After that we'll add the two property. In this two property just add item dot path. After that we'll add end. And in this end simply add item dot path dashboard. Then we have to add the on click. In this on click property we will provide the arrow function. And uh in this arrow function use set is open and make it false. That's it. Save the changes. Let's move this icon here. That is the arrow icon. Save the changes and come back here. So now you can see we have the sidebar where we have the menu items. Right here we have to add some classes in the nav tag also. So in this nav tag we have added these classes. It is already correct. Then we have the nav link and uh in this nav link we have added the key property to end on click and then in this one we have to add the class name. So here let's add the class name. Then we'll add the back tick and provide these fixed classes. Let's move it here. Now after that we'll add some dynamic classes using this template literal. So just add is active question mark if it is true it means if it is active in this case we will add the background red then we have to add text red and border red. Else we'll use this column and here we'll provide other colors for the text and background like this. Save the changes and come back here. So now you can see our sidebar is looking good. And if I click on these menu items, it will change the pages also. I'll click on this accounts. You can see here we have the title social accounts and accounts. If I click on scheduleuler, you can see post, scheduleuler and scheduleuler. If I click on AI composer, here we have AI composer and AI composer. You can see it is updating the path in the URL also, right? And if it is active, it is adding the background color and this vertical line at the end of this menu items. So we have added the menu links in the navbar. After that we have to add the sidebar footer. So just come back, scroll down and after closing of this nav tag here we will add the comment that is user footer. Now just add a div here. In this div we have to add some classes. So let's add these Kelvin classes. Then we have to add one div here. Now in this div let me add some classes like this. And after that here we have to add the users icon. So instead of the user icon we will use the first character of their name. Right? So let me scroll up. And uh here let's add con we will add curly braces logout user equal to object and in this one first let's add the logout. So the logout will be one function. So create one addo function here and uh in this addo function simply add window dot location dot href equal to slash that is the homepage. Now after that add the comma here and provide the user and for this user just add the dummy data. So just add the object with the name and then we'll add comma email. So we'll add the dummy email also. Now after that let's scroll down and uh within this div let's display the user's name as icon. I mean the first character of the name as icon. So here I will add the div and uh in this div just add curly braces user question mark dot name question mark dot care at zero dot two uppercase or provide u then we'll add some classes also for this icon. So in this div we'll add the class name property and provide these classes. Save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have the G icon because the username is starting with this J. Right? After that come here and uh just after this div let's add another div. And in this one we have to display the user's name and email id. So create a div for the name and uh another div for the email right and we'll add the class name in the parent div. So in this parent div we'll add flex one min width zero. Then we'll add the curly braces here and provide the user question mark dot name. Then let's copy this one. Paste it here. Provide user dot email. Then we'll add some classes. So in the first one, provide the class name property and provide text small text color and truncate. Now we'll add the same thing here in the second div. So here we have added the same thing but the color is 400. Let's save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have the name and email id right after that we have to add the sign out button. So just come back and uh here after closing off this div here we will add a button. So in this button we'll add the log out icon. So simply add log out icon from us react and in this icon we'll add the size four. Then we have to add the text also. So here we'll add the text called sign out. Then we have to add some classes in this button. So just add class name property and uh let's provide these relevant classes. Then we have to add on click. In this on click simply provide our logout function. Let's see the icon is imported or not. I'll click here. It gets imported. I'll scroll up. Here you can see import react from React. Let me remove it. Here we have the logout. Let's remove this. Save the changes. And uh after that I'll come back here. So you can see here we have the sign out button at the end. So now we have completed the sidebar of our dashboard. After that we'll add the content on this dashboard area. Before creating this dashboard content, let me review the code that we have written. So we have created the sidebar for our dashboard, right? So let's review its code and for that we will use the code rabbit. So let's come here in the code rabbit website and let's come here in the resources and docs. We will open the docs. So the first option is using the pull request on GitHub repo and after that we have the second method that is using the IDE extension and the third one is using the command line. Right. So we will see the command line option for this. Let's come here in the command line review tool and in the left side you will find WSL on Windows. Let's just click here because I'm using the Windows laptop. So I'm using this option WSL on Windows. After that here you can see the steps. So first we have to install the WSL. For that we will copy this command and add it in the terminal. So let's open one terminal here. In this one we will paste wsl- install. Now it is asking to create the user account. So let me set the username and after that we will set a new password. Retype the password. Now the password has been updated. After that here we will select no. So type n press enter. After that let's see the steps here in this document. Here we have to add this command. So here it is displaying the curl version. It is installed. Let's see the next one. Copy this. Paste it here. Now you can see this command not found. So we have this command to add this unzip. So just copy this paste it here. Now we have to authenticate it. So just add the same password. Now after that we'll come back here in the document and let's just copy this command or we have already added this. So we can skip this one and we can add the code rabbit CLI. So just copy this and paste it here in the terminal. After that it is asking a start browser sign in. So I'll type Y for yes. Now it will open the web browser to authenticate our accounts. Let me continue with my GitHub account. So now we are authenticated. Authentication successful. Let me just come back here in the terminal. So here you can see we have the same message. Authentication successful. After that we will come back to the documentation again. So here you can see we have the next command. So let me just copy this one. Add it here. After that let's see the next step. So after restarting the terminal here we have this command to check the code rabbit is installed or not. So it will display the code rabbit version. So you can add this to get the code rabbit version. If it is displaying the version it means the code rabbit has been installed. After that we can skip this part and uh let's come here. We have to navigate to our project folder so that we can review our project code. So to navigate the project folder, let's add cd in this terminal. Then press tab. So it will display all the folders available here. So let me move to one drive. CD one drive. Now in this one drive we have the desktop, right? So let's add CD desktop. I think we don't have the desktop here. Yeah. Now on this desktop we have created our project. Right. So let's see the project folder name. It is social scheduleuler. So we will type this here. cd social scheduleuler. So now we are in the project folder. Now in this project folder we will add the command to review our code. So we can simply use this code rabbit that will start analyzing our code. But we can add more details also in this command. If I type code rabbit-lane so it will display the response in plain mode. If we add agent it will display the output for coding agents. That will be a structured output. If we type interactive then it will provide the interactive terminal UI right we have multiple options here so let me use this one code rabbit interactive here we are getting the g repository not found to fix it we have to restart the wsl for that just add shutdown but before that we have to add one more command exit after that let's add wsl shutdown and then we have to start the wsl simply add wsl it's done next we have to navigate to our project folder again so let's just copy this one and add it here so now we are in the project folder that is social siduler and here we will add the same command code radit interactive Here we are getting the message no repository data available. For that let's add L for log out or we can press Ctrl C. It is stuck here. So let me close this terminal and start the terminal again. Here we'll write WSL. Then we have to navigate to our project folder. Here we'll add CD one one drive then desktop then we'll come to project folder social now we are in the project folder after that here we have another command if I scroll down here you can see we have to provide the branch name so we will use this code rabbit db base and provide the branch name. So we have created the branch name development right. So let's just type this command first that is code rabbit interactive then we'll add dash base then dash development. We have to simply add the branch name here db base development. Press enter. So now it is loading the repository data and after that here we have the review. So right now it is displaying we have changed the eight files and six added. It means we have added six files to modified. And when we hit on this link, it will start reviewing the code. For that we have to simply press enter. Now it will analyze our code. Now you can see here we have the review received from the code rabbit. Here we are getting one potential issue in the layout. TSX file and two potential issues in the sidebar.tsx. Let me expand it. So in this one you can see here we have the message add accessibility attributes to the mobile menu button. So this is the potential issue. This is not the critical issue. Right? So we can ignore it. Let's come to the second one. Here you can see the message fix the invalid Telvin CSS gradient class and replace window.loation.h HF with the react routers that is navigate. So we can fix this or we can ignore this one also. So this is how you can review the code using code ravit AI tool and you will get the suggestion and improvements in this terminal. So this is the first method to use the CLI method. Now let me show you the second one. So for that let's come here in the VS code. After that let me commit these changes. So I'll click here in the source control. Here we'll add the commit message that is sidebar completed then click on commit. So it will commit the changes in the development branch. We'll click on sync changes and after that we have to come to GitHub profile. So let's open GitHub repo and here you can see we have compare and pull request button. So I'll click on this button and after that simply click on this button create pull request. So it will create a new pull request and once the pull request gets created the code rabbit will start analyzing our code. So you can see the code rabbit is reviewing our code and after that it will generate the review summary. You can see summarized by code rabbit. After that once the review is completed you can merge this changes in the main branch. So here we have this button merge pull request. So this is how you can use the code rabbit to review your code and get the suggestion from code rabbit for bug fix or any improvement. Now after that let's see our project. So we have completed the sidebar. Now let's start adding the content in this dashboard section. So let me just come back to the VS code and uh here you can see we have dashboard.tsx file. Let's open this dashboard.tsx. Before making any changes, let me open this source control and I'll click on this three dot. Then click on this pull. That's it. So it will pull the latest changes. After that, let me start adding the code here in the dashboard.tsx file. In this dashboard, you can see here we have this import statement. Let me remove it. And here we have a div. So clear this div. In this div we have to add some spacing. So just add the class name property and provide a space y8. Then we'll add the comment here. So let's add welcome v. Now here we'll add a div where we'll add the welcome message in s2 tag. So just add the s2 tag and the message is good morning and this icon. And after that here we have to add some telin classes. So we have added these Telvin classes in this welcome message. Then we will add some small message. So here we have added the P tag and in this P tag we have added this paragraph. Now let's add some classes in this paragraph also. So we have added these TIN classes. Now after adding it, save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have this welcome message and a small message. After that let's come here. Here we have to display the card where we will display different stats. Right? So just add the comment that is stats card and uh create one div. In this one we'll create multiple card right and we have to align it. So we'll use the grid layout. So simply add the class name property and provide the grid classes. So just add grid and grid column 1 2 4 and gap five. So we have added different number of column for different screen size. Now we have to display the card. So let's add the variable here. So just add a space before this return and provide const a stat cards equal to array. Now in this array we will add the data for each individual card. So just add one object where we will add the label property. So we'll add the card label and after that in this label just add scheduled post then comma and provide the next property that is value. So the value will be stats dot scheduled and we'll get this stats from the estate. So let's come here and provide con stats and the setter function name is set a stats equal to use a state and in this user state just add the property like scheduled provide the value zero then comma published zero and uh connected accounts zero So this is the initial value for this stats. Now after that here we will add one more state. So let's add const activities and set activities equal to use a state and in this one let's add empty array and here we'll add the angle bracket provide the any empty array. Now after that let's come here we have added the stat cards where we have the label and value. After this value, we have to add the icon. So let's add icon colon and provide the icon name. So just add clock icon from leucid react. After that this icon has been imported. Then we'll add the trend. In this trend property simply provide plus today. After that just add comma and next property or next object and in this object we'll add the label. It will be published posts. Then we'll add a stats dot published. Right? Then we'll add different icon here. So just add circle check icon imported from us react. Then we'll add trend. It will be all time. After that we'll add the next stat. So just copy and paste it here. We will add connected accounts. So the label is connected accounts. Then we'll add stats dot connected accounts. Then we have to add the icon. So just add here to icon from Lucid React. After that here we'll add the trend active. Save the changes. Next we have to display this card on our page. So just come here in this div and here simply add curly braces a stat cards dot map method. In this map we have to add the add function provide the parenthesis. Now in this parameter we'll get the individual card. And after getting the individual card, we can return a div. Now in this div simply add the key property. Key will be our card dot label. Then we have to add the classes. So just add the class name property and provide these TIN classes. Next we'll add another div. In this div simply add the classes. So I'll provide the class name property. provide these Telvin classes. Next, we have to add a div where we have to add the value. Right? So, here we'll add a div that contains the card dot value. Right? Now, after this value, we will add another div. In this div, we have to add the icon. So let's add trending up icon imported from lucid react and for this icon we will add the size. So let's add the size three and after this icon just add the data using this card dot trend. Correct. Now let's come here. Here we'll add the message in P tag where we'll add curly braces card dot label. Right? So we have added the label. Then we have added the trend. Here we have added the value. Next we have to add some CSS properties in this P. So in this P let's add the class name and provide these TIN classes. After that we'll add some classes in this div that contains the icon and trend. So we have added the class name property here and provided these TIN classes. Next we'll add the classes where we have added the value. So in this div we'll add class name and provide these delin classes like this. So you can see here we have added the value. After this value we have a div that contains the icon and print. Let me save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have three card where you can see zero scheduled post, zero published post and zero connected accounts. Right now after that we have to display the activities here. For that let me just come back and uh after closing off this div let's add the comment that is activity feed. Here we'll add a div and uh in this one we'll add the background white border radius and we have to add the border color and overflow hidden. Then we have to add a div that contains the title and some text. So in this one we will use the flex layout. So we have added these classes and after that simply add the title in S2. So the title is recent activity and for this recent activity we have to add the text color. So we have added this class name to update the text color. Then we'll add the span tag and in this span tag we will add the activities do.length. So just add activities dotlength. Then we'll add events. Now we'll add the classes for this span also. In this span tag we have to change the font size and color. So we have added these classes. Let me save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have this recent activity and in the right side you can see zero events. After adding this recent activity and zero events, let's add the content here. So just come back to the VS code. Now here we have this div that contains our title. So just after this div, let's add a space and provide curly braces activities dot length equal to zero. So if the length is equal to zero then we will use this parenthesis and provide a div and in this div we will add the message like no activity yet right and suppose we have the activity length greater than zero then we'll add the colon and provide another parenthesis and provide another div and here we'll display all the activities list. So let's come here in the first one. In this first div, first we have to add one icon. So create a div. And inside this div, we'll add the activity icon from Lucid React. So just add opening arrow activity icon, import it from Lucid React and close it. Now for this icon, let's add the class name and provide the size. Size will be six. And we have to add the color. So we have added this color. Now we will add the classes in the div that contains our icon. So in this one we will add size background then border radius flex item center justify center and some margin. Now after that here we have to add the message also. So just add the message in p tag. So the message is no activity yet. After that we have to add small description. So we'll add another P tag and here we have added another text which is the small description. Now let's add some classes also. So start with the first div provide these classes to align the content. Now come here in the P tag. So in this P tag we have to change the color. So just add class name and provide this text color. Then we have to add another color and the text size and margin in the description. So we have added the class name and provide this color text a small and margin top. Save the changes. Now if I come here you can see we have this icon then no activity yet and then we have this message connect accounts and schedule post to see events here. Right. And suppose we have the event or we have the activities then it will display the activity instead of this message. So just come back here and uh now let's add the classes in this div. In this one just use the activities the state dot map method and provide the add function here. Now in this parameter we will get individual activity and then we will return a div. In this div simply add the key property. It will be activity dot id. Then we'll add the class name. In this class name we'll provide some telin classes like this. Next we have to add the icon and we'll wrap this icon inside a div. So create a div. And in this one just add the send icon. Import this icon from Lucid React. Now after that in this send icon we will set the size four. So we have added the class name size four. Next we have to add the classes. So in this div we'll add the class name property. Here we have added the class name property. Now in this class name property let me provide these tele classes. After that here let me add a div. In this one we have to add the text called published and then we have to add the published date. Right? Then we have to add the description. Right? So in this one let me add class name property provide flex and minimum width will be zero. Let's create a div here. In this one, we have to add the flex layout. So, just add class name and provide these classes. Right? And after this div here, we have to add a text inp tag. So, in this P tag, we'll add the activities or let's use the individual activity dot description. Now we'll add the classes and text size in this P. So we have added class name and provided these classes. Correct. Now we will come here. In this div we have to add the aspan tag. In this span we have to add the text called published. After that we'll add another aspan. In this aspan we have to add the date. So let's add curly braces new date and in this new date we'll add the activity dot created at then we'll add dot to local date string or two local string. Next we'll add the classes. So start with this first span. In this first span we have added these classes. Now we'll add the classes in the second span tag. So in this one we have added these classes. Save the changes. So we have added the activities list here. But right now we don't have the activity. So let me load some dummy data. So I'll scroll up and here we will create one function inside the use effect so that it gets executed when we load the component. So here let's add use effect. Use effect has been imported. In this use effect, we'll add the arrow function, comma, dependency array, which is empty array. Here we'll add con fetch dashboard data equal to asynchronous add function. Right, let's clear this parameter and uh after that here we'll add this fetch dashboard data. Simply call it. Now let's complete this function. So in this function we'll add the try catch statement. So let's add try catch statement. Now in this try block we'll add const post post response account response and activity response equal to curly braces data colon dummy posts data imported from the asset. So you can see it has been imported from asset. Right here we have the data from react dom. Let's remove it. It is imported by mistake. Now we have added the dummy post data. Then we'll add comma here and add another object where we'll add the data colon and provide dummy accounts data from asset. After that again add comma object provide the data and the value is dummy activity data from asset. That's it. Now after that here let's add const post posts equal to post result or response dot data. Then we will use the setter function set a stats. In this set a stats we'll add the object where we'll add scheduled property. In this scheduled property we will use posts dot filter. And uh in this filter let's use the individual post and provide the colon any arrow function and use the p dot status equal to scheduled. Then let's add the parenthesis here and here. Here we'll add dot length. Here we'll add the comma and copy this line. Now in the next one we'll add published. It will be post dot filter. Here we'll add the status published dotlength. Right now after that let me duplicate this. So copy and paste it here. Here we'll add connected accounts. In this connected accounts property, we will use the accounts response dot data dot filter. Here we will use a for accounts colon any then a dot status equal to connected dot length. After that here simply use set activities and provide the activities response dot data. Now come here in the catch block. In this catch block use the error colon any and then we will use console log. So just add console and let me dot error. So just at console do error and provide error fetching dashboard data and provide the actual error from this parameter. That's it. Save the changes and come back here. Here we are getting this warning. It is not used that is activity response. So let's copy it, add it here, remove it and provide activity response data. Let's save the changes and come back here. Here we are getting the warning by mistake we have added double A. So just add a dot status. Save the changes. Now you can see here we are getting the dummy data. We have one scheduled post. We have eight published post, two connected accounts. Then we have the recent activity. In this recent activity you can see this icon a status published. Then we have the post title. Here we have the date and time. And we have total seven events. So we are getting the recent activity also. So we have completed our dashboard area. After that we have to come here in the accounts where we have to display the connected accounts and we'll add the button to add a new account or connect a new social media account. Let's come back to the VS code. We will open the sidebar pages and accounts.tsx file. In this one we have this import. Let's remove it. After that here we have this div. So just clear this div. In this one we have to add some space and maximum width. So just add the class name and provide space y8 and max width 4 excel. Then we'll add the comment here. Here we'll add one header. In this header we have to add the title and small description. And we'll add one button also. After that we'll add the comment that is platform picker model. We'll add the model or popup where user can choose the platform they want to add. After that we have to display the list of connected accounts. So just add the comment here that is connected accounts list. Right? So let's create the header first. So in this one add a div and uh add another div here that contains our title description and after that we have to add a button. So just add the button right now let's add the title here. So we'll add the title in S2 tag. So the title is connected accounts. Then we'll add the small text in P tag. So here we have to add the total number of account and platform right. So for that we have to create the estate. So just scroll up here before this return let me provide con accounts and set accounts equal to user state. import the user state and here we'll initialize it using empty array and here we'll add opening and closing angle bracket and use the any empty array after that let's duplicate it here we will use connecting and use the setter function set connecting equal to use state and here we will initialize it using null. Then we have to add the type here. So the type is a string or null. After that let me just copy this one. Paste it here. Here we'll add so platform picker and uh set so platform picker equal to use state and simply use false. So by default the platform picker will be hidden. Now after that let's come here. Here you can see we have this p tag. So in this p tag we can add curly braces accounts dot length. So we'll get total number of accounts right and after that we need the platform right. So we have the platform list in the asset. So just add space of curly braces use platforms from the assets dot length space platforms created. Next we have to add the button. So in this button we have to add the icon right. So let's add one icon here that is plus icon from Lucid React. And uh after this icon we have to add the text called connect account. Now in this icon we will set the size also. So let's set the size four. Then we will add the classes here. So start with this first div. In this one, we'll add the class name and uh provide these TIN classes. Next, we will add the classes in the H2 tag where we have the title. So, we have added these classes in the S2. Then, we'll add some Kelvin classes in this small description. So, we have added the text color, text size and margin top. Then, we'll add the classes in the button. So in this button tag we'll add the class name property and provide these TIN classes for the button. Now in this button we'll add the on click property also. So just add on click and in this on click add the arrow function and uh then we will use set so platform picker and provide true. That's it. After adding it, let's open the web page. So you can see here we have connected accounts. Zero out of four platform connected. And here we have the connect account button. Connect. After adding this header, let me just come back to the VS code. Here you can see we have added this comment connected accounts list. So here we have to display the connected account list. For that we'll create a separate component. Right? So let's open the sidebar. Here you can see we have the components folder. So in this components folder we'll create a new file. And let me write the file name account list dot tsx. Now we'll add our AFC for creating the component structure. Now here let's remove this import statement and here we have to pass some props right. So let's add the interface for our props data. So just add interface and write account list props and here we have to add the properties like accounts. In this one, we'll add any empty array. Then we'll add semicolon and provide on disconnect function. Here, let's add one arrow function. And simply add promise void. And after that in this one we will get the account id and the type is a string. Here we have added promise void. Rect this one. Now after that here in this one we will dstructure the props. So let's add curly braces. provide the accounts from here comma on disconnect and for adding the type we will simply use colon and provide this account list props. So we have added the type for this props. Now after that in this one here we have the return statement. So before this return let's add one function that is handle disconnect equal to asynchronous add function and in this function parameter we will get the account id and the type will be a string then let's add con confirm equal to window doconfirm in this window doconfirm just add the message are you sure you want to disconnect this account. So we have the account list. So we can disconnect any account, right? And uh after that let's add if not of confirm then simply add return. And if it is confirmed, it means confirmed true. Then we'll add a wait. And here we will use this on disconnect function. In this on disconnect function we have to provide the account id. That's it. Now after that here let's add if statement. If accounts dot length is zero. Suppose the accounts length is zero. It means we don't have any connected account. So in this case we'll add the return and uh add this parenthesis and provide a div. Now in this div we will add some background color and other CSS properties. So we have added these TIN classes. Then here we have to add one icon right that is plus icon. So let's wrap this icon inside a div and add the plus icon from Lucid React. Now in this icon we will add the class name and uh let's provide the size color and opacity for this icon. After that here we'll add the classes in the parent div and provide these telin classes. Save the changes. Next here we have to add the text. So just add the text in p tag. The text is no accounts connected. Then we'll add another text in P tag. So here we'll add some small description. Next we'll add the classes for this both text. So in the first one we have to provide the color and text size. And in the second one let me provide the class name property and provide text size then color margin top and maximum width and text center. Save the changes. So when we don't have any connected account it will display the icon and these text right now after that we will come here in this return. In this return we have a div. So here we have to display the connected account data. So in this div we'll display the multiple accounts right. So here we will use the grid layout. So just add class name and provide these grid classes. Then we'll add curly braces. Use the accounts dot map. Now in this map simply add the arrow function and get the individual account and index number in the parameter. After that here let's add const meta equal to we will use the platform from assets. So just add platforms dot find in this find add the arrow function use the individual platform name then p do id that is platform id equal to account dot platform then we'll add the if statement if not of meta then add return null After that here just add the return statement provide this parenthesis and here we will add a div. Now in this div we will add key property. So let's add the key property here. In this key just add index. Then we will provide the class name. In this class name, let me provide these Telvin classes. After that, we have to add one icon and wrap this icon inside a div. So, just add a div here. And here we'll add meta dot icon. And here we have to add the classes also. So, just add the class name property, set the size six, and provide the color. Next, we'll add the classes in the div that contains this icon. So, in this div, provide the class name, property, and these TBIN classes. Next, we have to add the account handle and account name. So, after this, we'll add a div where we have to add the account handle. So create a div provide curly braces account dot handle. Let's add the classes also. So in this one we will add text color and truncate. Next we will add another div. In this one just add meta dot name. Then we have to add the text size, color and margin. So just add these classes. That's it. After that here we will add another div. Now in this one we will use the flex layout. We will add the class name property and provide flex item center gap 1.5 and link zero. Then we will add curly braces and use the account dot status equal to connected. If the status is connected in this case we'll add this parenthesis and provide this fragment and if it is not connected we'll add the colon here and another parenthesis and provide another fragment. Now in the first one we have to add the icon that is check circle icon. So let's add opening arrow. Import this icon from lucid react. And in this icon we will add the size four and set the text color. Then we have to add the span tag. Let me update this icon. We will use this check circle icon. And uh here we'll add this color. Update this color code. And after that let's add a span tag. Now in this span we will add the text called connected. Right. Now for this text we have to provide some classes. So here we have added text small and text color. Now come to the second case. Here we have to add the alert icon. So let's add opening arrow. use this icon. Import this icon. And in this icon, we have to add the size and color. After that, we'll add the span tag for the text. So, the text is disconnected. And when disconnected, we'll display another color. So, here we will add the class name with this color code. Save the changes. After that, we have to add a button. Using that, we can disconnect the account. Right? So here let me add a button. We will add the button. In this button we have to add the icon. So just add this unplug icon from Lucid React. And in this icon set the size four. Then we'll add the class name here. And in this class name we will add these Telvin classes. Now we'll add some other properties also. So in this button just add on click. In this on click add the arrow function. And here call the handle disconnect function. Simply provide the account dot ID. After that here we have to add the title. So in this title let's add disconnect account. Save the changes. Next we have to mount our component. Right? To mount this component let me just come back to our accounts.tsx file and here we will mount this component. So let's add opening arrow provide account list imported from the components and next we'll provide the props. So just add the accounts it will be accounts then we will provide on disconnect provide handle disconnect and we have to create this handle disconnect function. Right? So to create this function, let me scroll up and uh here let's add const handle disconnect equal to asynchronous addo function. So here we have added the asynchronous add function for handle disconnect. Now in this one just add the parameter that is account ID. In this account ID just add the type a string. And after that we will simply use set accounts. In this set accounts use the accounts dot filter. In this filter use the add a function using individual account. then a dot id that is account do id not equal to account id that's it so we have created this handle disconnect function after that we need the connected ids right so here let's add con connected ids equal to accounts dot map and in this one add the arrow function we'll get the individual account here and provide a dot platform. So we'll get the connected ids. After that let me open the web page. Here you can see no accounts connected. Right? So we have to display the list of account. For that we'll use the dummy data. So let's come back and here we will create a function that will load the dummy data. So here just add con fetch accounts equal to asynchronous add function. In this function parameter we will use age is age sync equal to false comma platform question mark colon string or null then comma success message question mark colon a string. So these are the properties and uh after that in this one we will use set account. In this set accounts use the dummy accounts data. Dummy accounts data has been imported from the assets. Then we'll add console.log. In this console log use this it sync then platform then success message. After that we have to call this function. So we will call it inside the use effect. So just add use effect. import the use effect and add the add function here and provide the dependency array which is empty array. And here simply call this fetch accounts function. Let's scroll up. Use effect has been imported. Right now after that if I come back here here you can see we have the connected account list. We have the connected account greatest tag. This is the platform name handle and the status is connected. And here we have the icon. Here we have the another profile. You can see the platform icon LinkedIn. Then name status is connected. And here we have the icon. Using that we can disconnect this profile. Right. So we can display the list like this. After that we have to make this button functional that is connect account. So it will display the list of platform to connect with. So just come back and here let's create that function first. So here let me add one function called handle connect. So just add conel connect equal to asynchronous add function. In this one we will add the platform ID. So the platform ID will be a string. After that just use set connecting. In this set connecting we will add the platform ID. After that we will use set timeout. In this set time out add the add function and provide the time 1,000 milliseconds. Now in this one let's use set connecting and make it null. Then we will use set accounts. Use the previous data here in the parameter and provide array with the previous data using the spread operator. Then comma dummy accounts data index zero. Dummy accounts data is there and use the first data using this index zero. Right. After that here we will use set so platform picker and provide false. So it will hide the platform picker. Correct. Next we have to link this function with our button. Right? So you can see here we have added a button. This is the handle connect. Right? But uh first we have to create our component using that we will display the platform picker right you can see we have added the comment here platform picker model. So let's create a separate component for platform picker model. I'll open the sidebar here we have the components. So in this components create a new file and write the file name platform picker model dot tsx. Here we'll add r a f remove this import. Now in this one we have to define the props. So just add the interface for our props. So simply add interface and platform picker model props. In this one we will get the connected ID. It will be a string array. Then we will add connecting. It will be a string or null. Then we will add on close. It will be function returning void. Then we'll add on connect. add another function returning void and here we have added the platform id that will be a string. Now after that here let's restructure the props. So simply add curly braces and provide connected ids and connecting. Then we'll add comma on close and on connect. Then we have to define the type. So simply add colon and provide this one. Copy and paste it here. Right? Now after that come here in this return. In this return we have a div. So in this div simply add some telvin classes. So we have added these telin classes in the div. After that we'll add another div here. In this one, we have to add the background white. We'll add the border radius, shadow, width full, and maximum width and border and border color. Then we have to add the header for this platform picker. So let's add the comment header. And for the header, we will use a div. In this div layout. So we have added these classes. And then we have to add the header title. So in the title we will add choose a platform. It will be in the S3 tag and for this one we will add the classes also. So just add these Telvin classes for the S3. Then we will add the button. So we have added the button tag and in this one we'll add the close icon or X icon. So let's add the X icon from Lucid React. For this icon we will set the size four. And next we'll add the classes for the button here. So in this button let's provide these TWIN classes. Now in the button we'll add the on click property also. So let's add the on click. In this on click simply provide on close. That's it. After that we have to display the platform list. So simply add the comment here that is platform list. After this header here we will add a div. And uh for this div we will add some Telvin classes. Then use the platform names from the assets. So simply add platform from the assets dot map and create the add function here. Now in this parameter get individual platform as P. Then we will use const is connected equal to connected ids dot includes then we will add t dot id. After that we'll add con is connecting equal to connecting equal to p do id. After that we'll add the return statement. In this return we'll add the button. So just add the button tag. Now in this button tag let's add icon. So for adding the icon we will use a div and provide the opening arrow e dot icon that is platform dot icon and then we'll add the classes. So just add the class name. Here we will use the dynamic classes. So just add curly braces back provide size five and after that we'll use dollar sign curly braces to insert the variable classes or dynamic classes. So just use is connected. When is connected is true. In this case just add text read 600. Then we'll add colon for else statement. So here let me provide text slate 500. if it is not connected. Now in this div we will add the class name and provide some padding. After that we have to add the label. Let me add the comment here. So in this button we have added the icon first. Right? After this icon we will add the label. So let's add the comment here that is label. And for creating the label we will add a div. In this div we'll use the flex and min width. Then we will add a div where we have to add curly braces p dot name that is platform name. Next we'll add the classes here. So here also we'll use the dynamic classes. So we have added text a small and after that if it is connected then text rate 700 else text slate 800 after that here we'll add another div after this name. So create a div here and uh in this one we will add curly braces is connected. If it is true in this case we'll add the message already connected. Else we'll add colon and provide the message. So instead of message we will use t dot description. Next we will add the classes here. So in this div we'll add the class name property. Provide these classes. Save the changes. After that we have to display the status. So just add the comment here. We will add a status. Now to display the status we will add curly braces. is connected and when it is connected then we will use check circle icon and import this icon from Lucid React. Now in this icon we will add the classes. So just add size color and string zero. After that we will add value cy braces is connecting and so if the status is is connecting then we will add a div. Let me use the self-closing div and in this div we will add the class name and uh let's provide these classes. So here we have added the animate a spin right after that let's add curly braces not of is connected and so in this case let's check again not of is connecting and then we'll add the icon here external link icon import this icon from Lucid React and uh in this icon we will add some classes. So let's add these classes. Save the changes. Next we have to mount this component. We have created this component, right? Let's open the accounts tsx file. And in this one after this comment let's mount our component using this. So platform picker if it is true then only we have to mount that. So let's add opening arrow platform picker model. After adding this platform picker model here we have to provide the props also. So let's add connected ids. It will be connected ids. Then we'll add connecting. Provide connecting. Then provide on close. And in this on close let's provide the add function. And in this add a function call set so platform picker and make it false. After that let's add on connect. In this on connect simply add this handle connect. That's it. Now after adding it save the changes and uh let's open our web page. So you can see if I click on this connect account it will display this model here we have to fix some alignment. So we have to add the classes and uh for now you can see we have this title choose a platform and cross icon. If I click here it will be closed. If I click on this button, it will display this pop-up where you can see we have the platform icons name and description. If it is connected, it will display already connected. And here we have the check icon. Let me change the alignment. So just come back. We will open the VS code and open platform picker model tsx file. Now in this one here we have a div where we have added the classes. Then we have the second div. Then we have the header. After that let's come here in the platform list. In this platform list we have added this button. So let's add the classes in this button. In this button we'll add the key property first. So in this key let's add P dot id. Right now here we'll add disabled. So it will be disabled when this is connected or is connecting. So it will be disabled. After that let's add on click property. In this on click add the arrow function and call on connect. In this on connect we will provide p dot id. After that let's add the classes here. So let's add the class name property. And uh here we have to use the dynamic classes. So just add curly braces back. First we'll add some fixed classes. So just add these fixed classes. Right? And after that we'll add the dynamic classes here. So just add dollar sign curly braces. Use is connected question mark. If it is connected then we will add border red background red then cursor default else we'll add the colon here and then we will add the other classes. So here we'll add border slate background slate then hover effect and cursor pointer. Let's save the changes. Next we have to add other classes also. So it is also dynamic class. So here we'll add space dollar sign curly braces and let's use is connecting. So when is connecting is true in this case we will add opacity 60. That's it. Let's save the changes and come back to the web page. Now I'll click on this connect account. So now you can see here the alignment is looking good. We have the platform list here like Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram. LinkedIn is already connected. Instagram is already connected. Here you can see we have the Twitter orx and Facebook. So when we click here, we can connect with the Twitter account, right? So we have completed our accounts page where we can display the connected account list. We can disconnect the account using this link and we can also add a new account using this popup. Let me click on this icon. So you can see it will ask for confirmation and after that it should remove that. After disconnecting this profile, this profile should be removed from here. But it is still here. So let me fix it. I'll just come back here. In the VS code, we will open accounts.tsx. And in this one we have added this handle disconnect function where we have added the filter account do id. So here we'll fix it using account or a dot ID. That's it. Save the changes. And now let's come back. Click on this one. Okay. You can see one account has been removed. Let's click again. Okay. It is removed. If I refresh it, it will come back. Now let me fix the alignment. We have to move this icon disconnect icon in the right side. So just come back and let's open the accounts list. In this accounts list we have this grid and here we have this button. So let's scroll up. You can see here we have added a div where we don't have any classes. So in this one let me provide class name property and provide flex one and minimum width zero. Save the changes and come back here. So you can see our icon is moved in the right side. Now it is looking good. So we have completed our accounts page also. After that, let me commit these changes and create a pull request to review our code using code rabbit. So, let's just come back and click on this icon. Here we'll add the message completed dashboard and accounts page UI. Commit changes. Think changes. After that we will open the GitHub profile. Let's go to the repository and uh here you will see the compare and pull request. So let's click on this button and you can see we have a new commit in the development branch. We have to merge it in the main branch. So create a pull request. Once the pull request gets created then the code rabbit will start analyzing our code automatically and after code review it will display the review summary and uh after that we can merge this code in the main branch. So just click on this button merge pull request confirm merge. That's it. After that we will come back to the VS code and click on this icon. Click on pull. That's it. It will pull the latest changes. After completing our dashboard and accounts page, now we will create our scheduleular page. To create our scheduleular page, we will come back to the VS code and in this pages you will find.tsx. tsx. Now in this one we have this import. So let's remove it. After that in this one we have to create the state where we will store the post. So just add a space here before this return and write con posts and set function equal to use state import the user state and initialize it using empty array. Next we have to add the angle bracket here and we'll add the type any array. Now after that we have to add another state. So let's add con content and the setter function name is set content equal to use a state and initialize it using empty string. Then we have to add another state. So let's add con scheduled date and setter function set scheduled date equal to use a state and uh initialize it using empty string. Then we have to add the time. So let's add the same thing just copy and paste it here. Here we'll add scheduled time and the setter function name is set scheduled time. After that, let me just copy this one. Paste it here. Here we'll add selected platforms. And the setter function set selected platforms equal to use a state. And here we'll add the type a string array. So just add a string array and initialize it using empty array. After that let's duplicate it. Here we will add media file and setter function is set media file and let's initialize it using null. We have to add the type also. So in this angle bracket we'll add the file and uh after that let's add or null. After that here we'll add one more state that will be loading. So just add loading set loading equal to user state and initialize it using false. Next we have to fetch the dummy post data that will be displayed on front end. Right. So let's add con fetch posts and create the asynchronous add function. Now in this function we will clear this parameter and simply use the setter function set post and provide the dummy data. So let's add dummy post data from asset. You can see it has been imported from the asset. Next we have to execute this function. To execute this function, let's add use effect. Use effect has been imported. In this use effect, add the add function. And then we'll add the dependency array which is empty array. Now in this function, let's add a sync arrow function and call await page posts. And to execute it, let's wrap it inside the parenthesis like this. And here we'll add the parenthesis semicolon. Next, we have to add some set interval. So let's add const interval equal to set interval. And in this one, we will add the asynchronous add function again. So let's add this here. async add a function equal to await and call this fetch posts provide 1,000 milliseconds. After that we will add return and in this return we will call the add a function that will execute clear interval. In this clear interval simply provide this interval. So when we load the component it will execute this fetch post that will load the dummy data in this posts state. Right? Now from this post we can find the published or scheduled post. Right? For that here let's add a space. We will write cost scheduled equal to posts dot filter. In this filter add the add a function get the individual post in the parameter. Then we will add P dot status equal to scheduled. So here we'll get all the scheduled post. Now let's duplicate it. Let's add published. And to get the published post here we'll simply add P dot a status equal to published. Right now after that let's come here in this return. In this return we have a div. So let's just clear it and for this div we have to add the layout that is flex layout and we'll add the gap and height. So height is full. Now after that in this one we have to add different sections. So first we'll add the compose section. Using that we can compose a new post. So let's add the comment here. compose panel. After that we have to add the Q panels. So just add Q panels where we will see the scheduled post. Right now in this first one that is compos panel we have to add a div. And here we will set the width. We will add the width for different screen size and shrink zero. Then we have to add another div here. And in this one we will add the background. Then we'll add the border radius and border color and some padding. Next we have to add the header of this compose panel. In the header we have to add the text called compose post. So let's wrap this text in a div. So just add a div here and add the header text in H2 that is compose post. Now for this H2 we have to set the color and size. So we have added these classes. Next we'll add the classes in the div that contains our title. So in this div also we have added flex item center gap two and margin bottom. Now after that here just after this div that includes the title here we will add a form. Using this form we can compose a new post. So we have added the form tag. In this form tag we will add some classes. So let's add the class name and provide a space y5. Right. Next, first we have to add the option to choose the platform for which we are creating the or composing the post. So let's add the comment that is platform. Here we'll add the platform detail. Then we have to add the content that is the post content. After that we will add the section to upload the media or image. So we have added the comments here. Then we'll add the scheduled date and time. So we have added this comment and after that we have to add the submit button. So we have added the comment that we need to add platforms content media upload date time and submit. So let's add the data one by one. So let's add the element here for the platform. So simply add a div. In this div we will use the label tag. In this label tag we have to add the text called platforms. After that here we have to add the classes. So let me remove this and provide class name property. Now after this label we will add a div where we will display the list of platforms. So in this div we have to use the flex layout. So just add the class name provide flex flex wrap and gap 3. Then simply use the platform name from the assets. So let's add platform from the assets. It has been imported. Then we will add the map. In this map we have to get individual platform name using this P. And after that let's add con active equal to selected platforms dot includes and provide P dot id right after that just add the return in this return we will return a button tag so let's add the button tag in this button tag we We have to provide the platform icon. So let's add P dot icon. Now for this platform icon we will set the size 4.5. Next in this button we have to add the key property. So we will add the key property that is P do ID platform ID. Then we have to add the type. So the type is button. After that here we have to add some classes. So let me add the class name. And here we will use the dynamic classes also. So let's add curly braces back. So that we can write template lit. So in this one we have added these fixed classes. And after that we'll add template lit to insert the dynamic classes. In this dollar sign curly braces we will check the active variable if it is active or if it is true in this case let me provide the Telvin classes like this and if it is false then we'll add the colon here. In this colon we will add other classes that we have provided here. Save the changes. Next we have to add the on click property also on this button so that we can toggle the selected platform. Right? For that we have to create that function first. Right? So let me just scroll up and here let's create a function. We will write con toggle platform equal to arrow function. In this arrow function, we will get the parameter ID and the type will be a string. And after that, it will return the set selected platforms. And in this one, add the arrow function get the previous data in the parameter. And then just add this parenthesis previous dot includes id. If it is true in this case just add the previous dot filter and in the filter add the arrow function using the parameter individual platform name. Then we'll add P not equal to ID. Then we'll add the else statement here. So just add colon and let's provide array. In this array use the previous data using a spread operator. Then add the new ID. So we have added toggle platform function. Now we can use this function on our button. So let's scroll down. Here we have added this button. Right? So in this button we will add on click property. In this onclick property let's add the add a function and then call the toggle platform. And here we have to provide the P do ID that is platform ID. Save the changes. Next we have to add one more function that we can call once we submit this form. Right here we have added the form tag. So let's create that function also. Here we'll add the space and write the function name handle schedule. Just add con handle equal to arrow function. In this function parameter let's get the event. So this add e and colon react dotform event. Now in this function simply use e dot prevent default. Then we will use set loading and make it true. Then we will use set timeout. In this set time out add the add a function and then provide the time 1,000 milliseconds. Now within this function we will use set loading and make it false. Then we will use set post. In this set post we have to add the new data. So just add the arrow function and get the previous data here in the parameter and use the array. In this array we will insert the previous data using a spread operator and provide the dummy post data and get the first data using index zero. That's it. Next we can connect this handle with our form. So here you can see we have this form tag. So in this form tag let's add on submit handler. So just add on submit property and provide handle schedule. Now after that here we have added the platforms right we can choose the platform here. After this platform we have to come here in the content. So for this content we have to create a div. And uh in this div again we have to add the label. So let's add label tag. In this label we will add the label text content name of this HTML 4 and provide some classes here. So here we'll use the block text size text color and text transform uppercase and margin from bottom. Then we have to add the text area so that we can enter the content in this text area. So just add text area and uh let's use the self-closing tag. Remove this closing text area. Now in this one let's add the properties one by one. So first we'll add the required then we'll add rows. Let's add the rows five. Then we have to add placeholder. So just add the placeholder and write the message what do you want to share today. After that here we have to add the classes. So let's add the class name property. And in this one we have to provide the full width. We will add some padding. Then we have added the background color. Then we have added the border. Then placeholder color outline and resize none. Next we have to add the value and onchange property. So first we'll add the value and in this value simply add the content a state. Then we have to add onchange so that when we enter the text in this text area it will get added in the content state. So just use add a function here. Get the event in the parameter and then use set content. In the set content simply add e dot target dot value. So whatever we will enter in this text area that will get saved in the content estate. Now after this text area here we have to add a div. So we have added a div here and in this div we have to add the content length also. So just add curly braces content dot length. Then we'll add / 280. And uh after that here we have to provide some classes. So just add the class name. And uh here we will insert the dynamic classes. So simply use curly braces back. Now in this one first we'll add these fixed classes. And after that insert the dynamic classes using dollar sign curly braces and we'll check the content length. So just add content.length greater than 270. If it is true in this case we have to provide text red 500 else we will provide the text slate 400. Save the changes. So we have completed this content area. After adding it let's save the changes and open our web page. So here you can see we have this div where you can see the message compose post. Then we have the list of platforms like X, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram. After that we have the input field that is content where we can type our content that we want to share. And here we have the length count. we can count the character on our addit content. After that we have to add the media upload option. So just come back here and after this comment just create a div. In this div first we'll add the label again. So just add label tag. In this label we'll add media and write optional. Remove this HTML for. Next we'll add the class name here. And in the class name provide the same classes again. And uh after that here we'll add curly braces media file. We have added the media file a state. So we'll use the turnary operator. If media file is available in this case we have to display the available media file. Else we'll add the upload area. So here we'll add colon and second parenthesis. Now in the first one let's create a div and let's add the div in the second one or in the second one we'll add the label tag like this. Now come here in the div. And uh here we have to add the class name first. In this class name we will add the relative. Then we will add border. Then overflow hidden. And we have added the border color and background color. Now in this one let's add curly bases media file dot type dot starts with and we will add image slash. So if the media file is starting with image SL in this case we have the image available in the media file state. So in this case we'll add question mark and provide the img tag. So just add img close this tag. In this image we'll add the src and in this image src simply add curly braces. Then add the URL dot create object URL and provide the media file. Then we'll add the alt property also in this image. So in this alt property we'll add the preview. Then we have to add the classes for this img tag. So in this img tag we have added the width, height and object cover. Then we'll add the else statement here. So after this closing img tag let's add colon and here we'll add the video tag. We have added the video tag. Here in this video tag again we'll add src and in the src let's add the same thing. I'll copy this one and paste it here. that is URL dot create object URL and then provide the media file. Then we have to add the classes again. So here also we will use class name, width, height and object cover. Then we have to add the controls. So you can see this statement. First we are checking the media file is starting with img. In this case we have added the image tag right and if it is not starting with this image it means we have the video right. So we are mounting the video tag. Let's move it here like this. Now you can see it clearly. Here we have the turnary operator. This is the if and this is the else statement. Now after that here we have to add a button also. So before this closing div let me add a button tag. In this button we have to add the cross icon so that we can remove this selected media file. So just add opening arrow X icon from Lucid React. For this X icon, we will set the size 3.5 using the class name. Then we have to add the classes in this button. So in this button, let me provide class name property and provide these classes. Next, in this button, we have to add the type also. So let's set the type button and then we have to add the onclick property. When we click on this button, it should remove the selected image. Right? So in this on click add the add a function and call the set media file and make it null. So it will remove the selected image when we click on the cross icon. Right now after that here we will come in this label tag. Now in this label tag we have to add the text and then we will add the input field so that when we click here it will open the window to upload the media or image or video. So in this label tag let's add a span tag. In this span we will add the message click to upload image or video. Then we have to add input. Input type will be file. After that here we have to add the accept. So in this accept let's provide image/ star video/ star. We have added the comma. So it can accept image or video. After that we'll add the class name hidden. So this input field will be hidden but we can click on this text. Next we have to add the onchange property. Let's add on change. In this on change add the arrow function and get the event in the parameter and then use e dot target dot files if it is available then dot index zero and set media file and provide e dot target dot files index zero. So it will add this selected image in the media file state. Now after that here we have to add the classes also right we will add the classes in this label tag first. So in this label tag we'll add the class name property and here we have to add the flex classes. So just add the flex item center justify center and then we have added the border then cursor pointer and we have added the transition and group so that we can add the hover effect. Next we'll add the classes on our span tag. In this span tag just add the class name property and provide these classes. Let's save the changes. And after that, if I open the web page here, you can see we have this media optional. And here we have this dropbox where we can upload the image. You can see if I hover it, it is changing the color. And here we have the message click to upload image or video. When we click on this button or text, it will open a window. I'll click here. So you can see it is opening this window where we can add any image. So let me choose this image. So you can see it will display the preview of this image and here we have this cross icon. So we can click on this cross icon to remove the selected image and we can add a new one like this. Next we have to add the date and time to schedule the post and then we'll add the button. So I'll come back to the VS code. Here we have the command for date and time. So let's add one div here. In this div we will add the grid layout. So let's add the grid grid column 1 grid columns two and gap three. Then we will add the div here. In this one we have to add the date. And in the another div we will add the time. So first let's add the label tag. In this label tag we'll add the text called date. Then we have to add the classes in this label. So remove this and provide the class name and these classes after this label. Let's add a div. And here just add the class name relative. Then we have to add one icon here. So let's add calendared icon and import the calendared icon from us react. Next we'll add the classes for this calendar icon. So we have added these classes. Then we have to add the input field. Let's add the input and the input type will be date. Then we have to add required. So it is required to submit the form and then we have to add some classes for this input field. So in this one you can see we have added the class name property where we have added width full then some padding then background and border then we have added the text color right and text size outline none. Now in this input we have to add the on click property also I mean on change so that we can select the date. So first we'll add the value and the value is scheduled date right and then we'll add onchange property in this onchange add the arrow function get the event here and then we'll use set schedule date and provide e dot target dot value. That's it. Save the changes. So it will add the date input field as you can see here date and we can click on this icon to open the date. Now after that we have to add the time input field. So just come back and just copy this entire div. Let me select this one and paste it here. Now in this one let's see the classes. We will use the same classes here. Right? Then we have the same classes relative and uh after that here we have this icon. So let's replace this icon. Here we'll use the clock icon. Remove this calendar icon. Provide clock icon and import the clock icon from Lucid React. Now for this icon also we will use the size four absolute left three top 1 by 2. Then here we have added the translate that is minus. And then we have the text and pointer event none. After that we have the input. So in this input we'll use the type time. Instead of date we will use the time. It is also required. And here we have the class name property. In this one also we have the same classes. Right? Then we have the value. So in this value simply use scheduled time and here we will use set scheduled time. Let's save the changes and come back here. So here you can see we have the time input field. If I click here, here we can choose the time. We can choose the hours, minutes and A.M. P.M. Now after that we have to add this submit button. So let's just come back and here we'll add this submit button. So we'll add the button tag. Now in this button tag we have to add the message. So the message will be variable. So here we'll use the loading a state. So just add loading question mark. If it is true in this case we have to add seduling and if the loading is false simply add the message schedule post and we'll add one icon also. So here we have added the turnary operator at the colon and another parenthesis. Now in the first one we'll add the fragment. Let's add the fragment in the second one also like this. Now come to the first one. When the loading is true we will add a div and in this div we will add some classes that will add the animation or loading animation. So we have added these classes and let me remove this closing div. We will use simply self-closing and after this animation we will simply use text calleduling like this. Now come to the second parenthesis where we have added the fragment. Here we will use the message called schedule post and after that we have to add one icon. So just add opening arrow and write the icon name that is arrow write icon and import it from lucid react. Then we have to provide the size for this icon. So let's set the size four. Then we will add the classes in our button. So first in this button we'll add the type. Type will be submit. Using that we can submit this form. Then we have to add the disabled property. So this button will be disabled when the loading is true. Right? Then we have to add the classes. So simply add the class name property. And here we'll add the full width. Then we have added the flex item center justify center and we have added the gap and padding. Then we have added background color and hover. Then transition and text color and radius. After that we will save the changes and then let's come here. So you can see here we have this button called scheduleled post. If I click here it is asking to fill this content. Right. Next we have to display the queue. Right? where we'll display the scheduled post list. For that we will come back here in the VS code and here we have added the comment. So here only we will display the scheduled post. Just after this comment that is Q panels. Here we have to display the scheduled and published post. Right? So let's create a div here. In this div we will use the flex layout. So just add flex one then flex flex column gap and minimum width. After that first we will display the scheduled or upcoming post. So here we will add the comment for upcoming post and just below that we will display the published post. So just add the comment here for published post. Now let's come here. Under this upcoming post just create a div in this one we have to add the background that will be white. So simply add the class name provide background white. Then we will add the border and overflow hidden. After that here we will add a div. In this step, we have to add the title of this section that is upcoming. And then we will display the icon. With that, we'll display the total number of scheduled or upcoming post. So, we have to align it side by side. So, simply add the flex classes. Here in this div, we'll add these classes. Next, here we'll add the icon. So just add opening arrow calendar days icon imported from Lucid React. For this icon we have to set the size and color. So we have added the class name and provided this size and color. After this icon we have to add the text. So the text is upcoming that we have added in S3 tag. For this text, we will add the color and size using these classes. Then we have to add the total number of scheduled post. So we have to add it in the span tag and simply use the scheduled variable dot length. So we will get the total number of scheduled post. Next we will provide the classes for this scheduled post also. So simply add the class name property. And uh in this one we have added these classes. Let's save the changes. After adding it we will open the web page. So in the right side you can see here we have the upcoming and this icon. And here we have only one post. You can see the count here in the right side. Next we have to display the upcoming post list. So just come back and uh after closing off this div here let's add a div. In this one we have to add some classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. Next we will add the turnary operator. We will use the total length. So just add scheduleled dotlength equal to zero. So if the length is zero, we don't have any scheduled post. In this case, we have to simply display a message. So create a div. And in this div, we will add the message called no posts scheduled yet. Next, we will add the color and size for this text. So in this div, we have added these classes. Next, we'll add the else statement. So just add colon and parenthesis. Here we will display the scheduled post. So just add scheduled dot map. In this map we will create the add a function where we will get the individual post in the parameter like this. Then we'll add the parenthesis here. Using that we will return this div. Now in this div we have to add the key property. So the key property will be our post dot id. Then we'll add some classes. So just add the class name property and let's provide the padding. Then we'll add the background on hover and transition in color. Then let's add a div here. In this div we will use the flex layout. So let me write the class name and provide these classes. Now within this div we'll add another div where we have to add the platform. Right? We have to add the platform icon. So let's add curly braces post dot platform dot map. And after that create the arrow function. Here we'll get the individual platform and provide the type a string. Then it will return the icon. So for that we'll add this curly braces provide const meta equal to platforms dot find method. In this find add the arrow function again here we will use the P that is the platform name. So after that we'll return P do id equal to PL right then we'll add the return statement here. So simply add return and provide the meta if meta is available. In this case, we will use meta dot icon. Close this tag. In this icon, we will add the classes. So, we have added these classes. And with that, we have to add the key property also. So, let's add the key property. In this key, we will add PL that is platform. Now, after that, we'll add the else statement. So, simply add colon null. Save the changes. After adding it, let me open the web page. You can see here we have the Facebook icon right in the right side. After displaying this platform icon, we have to display the media type and then we will display the post content and we will also display the date. So let me just come back here in the VS code. So in this div you can see we have added this icon right now for this div we'll add the classes also. So it will align all the icons. So just add the class name and provide flex gap 1.5 items center. Just after this div create another one. And for this one also we have to use the flex layout. So just add flex item center and provide some gap here. So I'll provide the gap too. Then we have to display the media type. To get the media type first we'll check the post is having the media or not. So let's add the post dot media type. If it is available then only we will display the type value. So just add and operator. And here we will use the aspan tag. In this aspan simply add curly braces and provide this one post dot media type. Now for this span we have to provide some classes right. So in this span we have to decrease the text size. So we have added the text small and added the background color border and uh radius. Then we have added the font and capitalize. After that we have to display the date. So just after this we will add span tag again. In this span tag simply add curly braces and create new date. Let me move it inside this curly braces. In this new date just add the post dot scheduled for. Then we'll add dot to local string. Next we'll add the classes here. So simply add the class name property and provide these classes for this suspan. After that we have to display the post content. Right? So simply add the P tag here. In this P tag just add post dot content. Then add the classes for this paragraph or post content. So in this post content we have added these TIN classes. After adding it we will save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have the platform icon. In the right side we have the type. So the type is image. Then we have the scheduled date. After that here we have the content right now let's display the published post also. So just come back here we will copy everything from this div. You can see here we have upcoming comment. So just copy this div and paste it here after this published comment. Now let's update the content here. So in this published we will update the title. So here you can see we have the title in S3 tag just add published. Then we will update this icon. So instead of this calendar icon we will add send icon imported from Lucid React. So we have updated the icon and after that updated this title then we have the span tag. In this span tag we have scheduled.length. So let me change it. Let's write published.length. So it will display total number of published post. Then here you can see we have this message no post scheduled yet. So in this one we will update the message. Let's type no published post yet. After that let's come here in this second statement that is else statement. when the scheduled length is not equal to zero. So let me correct it. It will be published dotlength equal to zero then it will display this message and if it is not equal to zero then we will use this published dot map method. We have added publish map. Then in this one we will use the same platform icon using this statement. And uh after that we will display the aspan tag. So you can see here we have this div that contains the media and this contains the date in the span tag. So we will display the media also here. And after that we have to display the date. So let's use new date post dot updated at then two local string. Then we have to add the text here. So after this a span we will add one text also. Let's add the text in another aspan tag and the text is published. After that let's add some classes also. So let's add these classes. Next we will add the message that will be post content. So we have added the P tag where we have the post content here. Let's save the changes and open the web page. Let me change the maximum width here. I'll write max width 4/5. Save the changes. Let's open the web page. So you can see here we have this eight post, right? Published post 8. Total number of post is eight. Here we have the list of post and it is vertically scrollable. Here you can see if we have the media available it is displaying the media type like image image image then we have the date here and we have this badge that is published and with that we have the platform icon like LinkedIn LinkedIn here we have the Instagram right so we have the platform icon content publish date and time then published badge so we have completed our post scheduleular page. After that, let me review our code with code rabbit. So, we will come back to the VS code and commit these changes. So, let's click here and here we will add the commit message completed postular page UI. Let's see the page name. It is posted. Let's commit the changes and sync changes. After that we have to come to GitHub profile. So let's open this. I'll refresh this GitHub profile. And here you can see we are getting this message or button compare and pull request. Just click on this button then create pull request. So once we create a new pull request then the code rabbit will start analyzing our code. After analyzing the code the code rabbit will provide the suggestions or bug fixes if there is any bug and it will also generate the review summary. After that we can merge the pull request in the main branch. So just click on this button merge pull request and confirm merge. That's it. After that we can come here and click on this pull to pull the latest changes. Now after completing this postuler we have to create this AI composer page. To create our AI composer page we will come back to the VS code and uh let's open this sidebar where we have the pages. In this pages you will find AI composer.tsx tsx file. In this one, we have this import. So, simply remove it. And after that, in this one, we have to add some state. So, simply add the state name prompt and the setter function set prompt equal to use a state. And let's initialize it using empty string. After that, we'll create another state. So I'm going to duplicate this. Here we'll add the tone and the setter function set tone. In this one we will add the initial value that is professional. Next we will add another state. So let's duplicate this one only. Here we'll add the generate image and set generate image. Initialize it using true. It will be boolean data. After that, let's add another state that is loading set loading and use state false. So, initially loading will be false. Then we'll add con generation and set generations equal to user state and initialize it using empty array. In this one we will store all the generated post right. So here we'll add the any array. After that let's add some other state for the postuling. Right. Let me add the comment scheduling a state. So just add the con active scheduleuler and set active scheduleuler equal to use a state and let's initialize it using null. Here we'll add angle bracket and provide any. Let me just copy this paste it here. Remove this empty array. So in this active scheduleuler we will store the generation so that we can open that generation and provide the date and time for scheduling. After that let's add next state. So let's just copy this paste it here. We will add the state name selected platforms and the setter function name is set selected platforms equal to user state and initialize it using empty array. And here we'll add the string with array. Now we'll add another state. So just copy this one, paste it here. Here we'll add scheduled date and set function set scheduled date and initialize it using empty string. Now duplicate it. Here we'll add scheduled time and set a function set scheduled time. Initialize it using empty string. Now let's add one more state that is the last one. So just add another copy of this statement. And here we'll add scheduuling and setuling and initially it will be false. So simply initialize it using false. Now we have to fetch the generations right. So just add a function. We'll add con fetch generations equal to async add function. And uh after that in this function simply use set generations. Simply add the dummy data. So just add dummy generation data. It has been imported from the asset. Just clear this parameter. You can see it has been imported from the assets. Next we have to call this function. So we will call it inside the use effect. So just add the use effect. Then add the empty array and the redundancy array. Then we'll add fetch generations. That's it. So we will call it when the component gets loaded. After that here we will add one variable where we'll add tones for AI. So just add con tones and in this one we will add different values like professional, creative, funny, minimalist and excited. So we have added these different tones. After that let's come here in this return. In this return we have a div. So in this div first we'll add some classes like this and then we have to add three different section. So we'll add the comment for each one. So first we have to add the input section where we'll add the input for generating the content. Then we'll add another section that is AI generated post. We'll display all the generated post list here. And then we'll display a model. Using that we can schedule that post when we click on anyone from this list. So here we have added the command scheduleuler model. So we have to create these three models. So let's start with the first one that is input section. So in this input section create a div. In this div let's add some classes like this. And then we have to add the title. So we will add the title in H1 tag. So the title is what should we create today. After that let's add a div. In this one, simply provide class name with relative group and margin top. Before adding any content in this div, we'll add some classes in this title. So, we have to increase the text size then text color and change the tracking type. After that, in this div, we have to add the text area. So simply add the text area tag and uh let me use the self-closing tag like this. Remove this closing tag. Now in this text area we have to provide the placeholder. So remove this. Simply add the placeholder. In the placeholder we have to add one small message. So we have added this message in placeholder. After that we have to add the value here. So in this one simply add the value property. In this value, we'll provide the prompt. Then we have to add onchange. In this onchange, add the arrow function and call the setter function set prompt. So provide the value using e do.target. Let's get the event in this parameter and provide event.target target dot value like this. Then we have to provide some classes in this text area. So in this text area provide the space here and provide the class name and provide these TIN classes. Save the changes. After that we will add a div. Just after this input field create a div. In this one we have to add a button. So let's add the classes first and in this div just add a button tag. Now in this button we will add the text. So let's add the text in a span tag that is AI image. So in this button we have added the text called AI image. Right. After that we have to add a toggle button. Using that we can enable or disable the image generation. Right. So here let's add a div. And in this div let's add a self-closing a span tag. Now let's add the classes in this div first. So in this div we'll add the class name property and provide cyl. Now here we'll add some fixed classes. So we have added these classes. Then we have to add the dynamic classes. So just add dollar sign curly braces. Here we will use generate image. So if it is true then we have to add the red color. So just add background red. Else we will add the slate color. So let's add this color. Now we'll add the classes in the span tag. So in this aspan also we will add the class name property and here also use the same template lit where we will add some fixed classes like this and uh just after that add the dynamic classes using this generate image state. If it is true then we will add translate x 4.5. else we will add colon translate x.5. Let's save the changes and after that we will open the web page. Here you can see we have this title. Then we have this text area and after that here we have this toggle button. Using that we will enable image generation or disable it. Let me add the space between this toggle icon and text. So we will come back to the VS code again and here you can see we have this button. So in this button also we'll add some classes. So let's add flex then item center so that it will align the content side by side and then we have to add the gap three. Then we have added the background some padding and radius. If I come back here you can see now this button is looking good. But here we have to add the functionality also so that when we click here it will turn it on or off. So just come back and uh start with this button only. So in this button we will add the onclick property and in this on click add the add function and use the set function set generate image and it will toggle it. So simply add not of generate image. So if it is true, it will make it false. And if it is false, it will make it true. After adding it, let's save the changes. And we will come back here. And if I click here, you can see we can turn it off and turn on. It works. After that, we have to generate or we have to create a generate button. For that, we will create another button just after this button. So again add a button tag. Now in this button we have to add different message based on the loading state. So just add curly braces loading. If the loading is true in this case we will add this fragment. Else we will add another parenthesis and here we'll add another fragment. Now in the first one we have to add the loading icon when the loading is true. So let's add the opening arrow loader to icon. Import this icon from Lucid React. And after that here we have to add the class name for size and animate a spin. Then we have to add the text also. So just add the text in span tag. So the text is generating. Then come to the second fragment and here we'll add the button text called generate. And just after this text we have to add a message also. So let's add the message called arrow write icon. Import this icon. And after that let's set the size four for this icon. Now we'll add the classes in this second button also. So in this button we'll add the class name property and provide these classes. Now this button will be disabled when the loading is true. So just add disabled loading. Then we have to add the function using that we can handle the generation right. So just add on click and here we'll add the function that is handle generate and we have to create this function. So for now we'll simply add this function here and let's declare this function here. So after this use effect here just add const and I'll generate equal to async arrow function. So we have added the function here. Now in this function we will first set the loading false. So just add set loading and make it false. or we have to make it true because when we click on this button it will start loading right so we'll set the loading true then we will add some set timeout that we are using for this front end only after making the back end we will remove this timeout. So here we have added set time out and provide the time 2 seconds. Then we will use set loading and here we will make it false. So after 2 seconds it will remove the loading animation. Now let's save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have another button that is generate. If I click here you can see we have the loading animation and generating. And after 2 seconds it will remove the loading animation. Next we have to add the horizontal bar where we will add different tones. Right? So let me just come back here we have added this button and uh just before this closing tag here we will add another div. Let's add some classes here. provide the flex layout to align all the tones side by side and then we'll add curly braces tones dot map create the arrow function here. Now in this one we will get individual tone using this parameter and after that we will add the button here. So just add the button tag and in this button simply provide this tone. Now we'll add the key property. So first we'll add the key property that is tone. Then we'll add on click. In this on click add the add a function and provide set tone provide this t. Then we have to add some classes. So just add the class name. And uh here we will add class name property. Let me type it again. First we have to close this on click. And after that we will use class name. In this class name we'll add template lit. So just add back textics. And first let's add the fixed classes. So here we have added the fixed classes that is padding border radius then text size and transition then border then we have to add dynamic classes using this template lit. So we will check the tone is equal to t. If it is true in this case we will add this classes and if it is false we'll add the other classes. So just add colon and provide the other classes like this. Now let's save the changes. After that if I open the web page here you can see we have different tones right and if professional is active it is highlighted with this color. If I click on second one it should highlight the second one. It works right because we have added the on click also. Next we have to display all the AI generated post here. To display that let's come back. Here you can see we have already added this comment. So here only we will create a div. And in this div we have to provide some Telvin classes. So in this one we have added these classes and after that for this section we have to add the title with the icon and total length. Right. So in this one let's create one div and uh after that here we have to add the content in left and right side. So in the left side we'll add a div and in the right side we'll add the a span. Right now in this span simply add curly braces generations dotlength then total. After that in this div we have to add the icon and title. So let's add the icon that is history icon. Import this history icon from Lucid React. And for this icon just add the class name and provide the size five. Then we will provide the title in S2. So the title is recent generations and we have to increase the size of this text. So just add text excel. Next we'll add the classes so that we will align the icon and title side by side. So we have added these classes here. After that we have to add the classes in this div that aligns this div and this aspan. So here in this one we have added the classes like this. After that we have to add some classes in the aspan tag also that is displaying the total generations in the right side. So we have added the classes in the aspan. Let's save the changes. Open the web page. So here you can see we have this icon then recent generations and in the right side we have this total number of generation that is nine correct after that we have to display the list of generations. So just come back and uh here let's add a div where we'll add the grid layout. So simply add these grid classes so that we can align all the generations. Then we'll add this generations dot map. In this one we have to add the arrow function and use this parenthesis. Now in this one we will get individual generation in the parameter. Then let's return a div here. And in this div first we have to provide the key. So the key will be our generation dot id. After that let's add some classes also. So provide the class name property. And here we have added these classes. Now in this one we have to add another div where we will use the flex layout. So let's add flex flex column height full and a space Y. Now in this one first we have to add the date and tone. So just create a div where we will add the date in a span tag and then we'll add the tone in another span right and to align it we will use the flex layout. So here let's add class name provide flex item center justify between so it will be displayed side by side. Now to display the date here we will add curly braces new date. In this new date provide the generation dot created at dot to local string. Now after that come to the second span. In this one we have to display the tone. So just add generation dot tone. Next we'll add the classes for both a span. So in the first one we have added these classes. Now let's add the classes in the second span. So in this second span provide the class name property and provide the text small then text color then background color and padding and radius. Let's save the changes and come back here. You can see here we have the recent generations where you can see total nine generations. Then we have the over effect here. And after that here you can see we have the date and time and this tone. Right. Next we have to display the generation content. To display the content let's come back and uh after this div that contains both a span here we will add the space and provide the text np tag. So simply add the generation dot content and for this content also we will provide some classes. So just add the class name property and here we'll add the a small font then we'll add the color then we'll add the leading relaxed and flex one save the changes and come here so you can see here we have the generated content also after that we have to provide the media URL if it is available right so let's come back just after this P let's add curly braces use generation dot media URL. If the media URL is available in this case, let's provide a div. And in this div, we will add the img and uh we will add curly braces. Just add generation dot media URL. Then we'll add the alt tag that is gen. Then we'll add the classes here. So just add the class name property and provide these classes in the img tag. Then we have to provide the classes in the div also. So in this div we'll add this class name property and provide these classes. Let's save the changes and come back here. So here you can see we have the generated image also. So in these four items we have the images and in another one we don't have the image because here we have not added the image. We can either generate the content only or we can also turn it on to generate the image with the content that we can post on social media. Right? So we can generate the content without image and with image using this toggle option. So here we have the list of generated images and here we have to add a button. using that we can schedule or reschedule this generated post. So just come back and uh after this curly braces create a div. In this one we have to add a button. So just add the button and in this button we'll add the text called schedule post. After that let's start adding the classes. So start with the div only. In this div we have added these classes. Then we have to add the classes in the button. So in this button we'll add the class name property and provide these classes. Then we have to add the onclick property here. So let's add on click. In this on click provide arrow function and then we will use set active scheduleuler and provide gen. So by default the active schedule is null right. So here we have added this particular generation. Let's save the changes. After that let's see this. Here you can see we have these buttons. You can see the hover effect. Right now it is gray. And if I take cursor it becomes highlighted using this background color that is schedule post. If I click here, it should display a popup where we can enter the published date and time. So we can schedule this generated post. Now we have to create that popup or model to schedule our post. Right? For that we have to create a separate component. Right? But before that let me just come here. Here we'll add the message. Suppose we are displaying this generated post and this post is not available. We have not generated any post right. So it will be plain. So instead of that we have to display a message like no post generated right? No content generated like that. To display that I will come back here and uh here after this curly braces let's add another curly braces. Now in this one let's add generations dot length equal to zero. If it is zero in this case add this parenthesis and provide a div. Now in this div let's add another div. And here we have to add the icon. So let's add this icon and import it from Lucid React. For this icon, we will set the size six and after that provide the classes for this div that contains our icon. So in this one provide the class name property and these classes. Now just after this div we have to add the message. So we'll add the P tag and the message is no content generated yet. Try generating some content using the AI. Let's add the font size and color in this P. So we have added the font size and color also. And uh after that let's add the classes in this first div that contains our icon and text. So here we have added these classes. Let's save the changes. And now that is not visible here because we have the generated content. If it is zero then it will hide it and display that message. To see that I'll come back here and uh here you can see we are calling this fetch generations. Right? If we do not call it let's comment it out. Save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have this icon and this message. And when we call this function, it will fetch the generated content from assets. And here we have the list of generated content. Right? After that we have to display our model. Using that we can display the scheduleuler. Right? So just come back and let's create it here only. We have added the comment. Right? So just below this comment let's add curly braces provide active scheduleuler. So if we have the active scheduleuler then only we will display it. So here we have added this and operator parenthesis and provide a div. Now in this div let's add the classes so that it will be fixed at its position. Right? So here we'll use the fixed classes. After adding it here we have to add another div and in this one we have to set the background. So let's set the background white. Then we have added the border radius shadow then maximum width border then color that is the border color and overflow hidden and flex layout. Then we have to add the title for this model. So to display the title let's create a div and uh first we'll add the title in h3 tag and uh after that in the right side we'll add a button also. So let's add the button also. In the button we have to add the cross icon so that we can close this model. So just add x icon import it from lucid react. Now for this icon we will set the size five. Now add the classes in this button. So in this button we have to provide some padding. Then provide border radius. Then hoverboard effect then text color and transition. Now we'll add the on click property in this button. So in this on click simply call the add a function that will call set active scheduleuler and provide null. So it will remove the active scheduleuler. So it will be hidden. After that add the title in S3. Right? So in this S3 we'll add the text called schedule generation. And uh then we will add this class name in the S3. So we have added text color. Then we'll add the classes in the div that contains both icon and button. So here we'll add these classes. Let's save the changes. After adding it, if I open the web page and click on this schedule post, it is displaying this schedule generation and this cross icon. It works. If I click on cross, it will hide it. Let's open it. Close it. It works. Now, after that, we will come back here and uh just after this closing div here, let's add a div. Now in this one we will add the flex one overflow y auto and then we have to provide the padding and a space y. Now in this one we'll add a div first where we have to add the text inp tag. So the text will be active scheduleuler dot prompt. After that let's add the classes. So just add the class name property in the div and add these classes. Now we'll add the classes in this text that is our prompt. So here also we'll add the class name and these classes. Right now after that let's duplicate it. We will just copy this div, paste it here. And in this second one, we will add active scheduleuler dot content. Just add the content instead of prompt. Now let's add the space here. Provide curly braces. And here we will use active scheduleuler dot media URL. If it is available, then add the img tag. Now in this img tag provide src. In this src add curly braces and then active dot media url. Then we'll add the alt tag. In the alt we'll add preview. Then we have to add the classes in this image. So in this image we have added these classes. Right? save the changes and open the web page. So if I click on this one, it will display this schedule generation cross. Here we have prompt create post for AI course. Then we have the content, right? Let's close it. Open the first one. Here you can see we have this prompt content and this image also everything is there. After that we have to display the options like where we want to post this content. It means we'll display the platform list right so that we can choose the platform list where we want to schedule this post. So let's just come back and uh after this div here let's create another div. In this one, first we'll add one class name property and these classes and after that we'll add the comment here that is options. So below this comment create a div where we'll add the a space from y. Then we will add another div and in this one we have to add the label tag. So we have added the label tag and the label text is select channels. Then we'll add the classes in this label. So we have added the display block text extra small. We have added the text color uppercase and tracking widest and margin bottom. After this label, we'll add a div. Within this div, we have to display the platform list. So we will display it in the flex layout. So just add the class name and add these classes. Now here just add curly braces platforms from the assets then dot map. In this map add the arrow function and get the individual platform in the parameter. Next we will add the const active equal to selected platforms dot includes t dot id. Then we'll add return and in this return we'll add the button. We will return a button tag and in this button simply add opening arrow P dot icon and for this icon just add the class name that is size. So we'll set the size here 4.5. Now let's add some classes in this button. Before that we'll add the key property. So the key property will be P do id. Then let's set the on click. So in this on click add the arrow function. In this on click use the set selected platforms and create the arrow function to use the previous data. So we'll get the previous data in the parameter. And after that let's add parenthesis previous dot includes e dot id. If it is true in this case just use the previous dot filter and uh provide the arrow function. Here we'll add x and it will return x not equal to p dot id and if it is false then we will add one array spread operator previous data comma p dot id. So it will remove it. If it is not there it will add it. Now let's add the classes also in this button. So here just add the class name property and uh use the curly braces back. Let's provide some fixed classes like uh padding. Then we'll provide the border radius, border and text size. After that we will use the active variable. If it is true in this case we have to set the background red and text white and if it is false here we will add the colon and provide different classes. So we'll set the background white and the color will be slate and then we have added other tailwind classes. Let's save the changes and after that let's open the web page. If I click on schedule post here you can see we have the select channels where you can see we have the social media icons. If I click on the first one you can see it is selected. If I click on select second one it is also selected. If I click again it will unselect it. Right? We can select multiple channels. It works. Right? Now we have to add the date and time selection option. So just come back here. Let's add a div. And uh in this one we have to display both input field for date and time. Right? So we have to align both in the same layout. So simply add the classes here in this div. Let's add the class name property. Provide these classes. Then we have to add the first div that contains the input field for the date. So to add the date input field, we'll add the calendared icon. Import this icon from Lucid React. And then we'll add the classes for this icon. So we have added these classes for the icon. Then we have to add the input field. So let's add the input then the type will be date and after that we have to add the classes for this date input field. So in this one we have added these classes and after that we'll add the value property. So in this value simply add scheduled date and then we'll add onchange. In this onchange add the add function get the event in the parameter and call set scheduled date and provide e.target dot value. That's it. Now we'll add the class name in this div and provide relative. That's it. And uh after adding it we can open our web page. Let's see the web page. Click here. You can see here we have the date input field. If I click here, we can choose the date. Next, we have to add the time input field. Similarly, right? So, just come back and copy this entire div. Paste it here. Now, in this one, we will use different icon. So, remove this calendar icon. And here we will add the clock icon imported from Lucid React. Then the classes will be same. Then we'll add the input type. So the type will be time. Then the classes will be same here. Then in the value we will add scheduled time. Here we'll use set scheduled time. Save the changes. Open the web page. You can see here we have the date input field and time input field. Right after that we have to add the schedule button. So let's just come back and uh here let's add our button. Now in this button we will use the loading animation if it is scheduuling. So just add curly braces. Ifuling is true. In this case we will use loader to icon. Import this icon from Lucid React. And then we will add class name here. In this class name, we will set the size and animation. And if it is false, in this case, we'll use another icon. So here we'll add the timer icon. Import this timer icon from Lucid React. And for this timer icon, we'll add the class name property and set the size four. Next we have to add our message that will be displayed in this button that is schedule post. Now we'll add the classes in the button also. So in this button tag provide these classes and then we have to add the onclick property here. So let's add on click. In this on click we'll add one function that is handle schedule. So we have just added this function. Now we have to declare this function that is handle schedule right to declare this function. Let me just scroll up here after this handle generate let's add con handle schedule equal to async arrow function. Now in this function let's use this code. I'll copy this one. Paste it here. Here we'll use setuling make it true. Then set time out 2,00 milliseconds. And here again use setuling false. Let's save the changes and come back here. Now if I click here we have the prompt content. Here we have the image also. Then we have the platform that we can select to schedule or post this content. Then we can choose the date using this input field. We can choose the time and click on this button to schedule it. You can see the loading animation and after 2 seconds this loading animation has been removed because we have just added the set time out. So we have completed our AI composer page also. After completing this page, let me commit the changes on GitHub and create the pull request to review our code using code rabbit. So we will come back here and click on this source control icon. Here we will add message front end completed. After commit we will come back here on our GitHub profile. Let me refresh it. Here you can see we are getting this button. Let's click here and click on this button create pull request. After that a pull request has been created and once the pull request gets created the code rabbit will start reviewing our code. It will suggest the improvement or bug fixes. After that it will display the code review summary. Right here we have the summary. Now we can merge this code in the main branch. So I'll click on this merge pull request. Click on merge. After that simply come back here in the VS code and click on this pull. So it will pull the latest changes. So now we have completed the front end. Let me show you what pages we have created. We have created this AI composer page where we have this input field where we can enter the data and generate the content using AI. After that we can schedule the generated content using this popup. Then we have the scheduleuler page where we can manually add the post and schedule it. Right here we have the scheduled post and published post also in the right side. Then we have the accounts. Here you can see all the connected social media accounts. And then we have this button to connect a new account. After that here we have the dashboard where you can see the scheduled post, published post and connected accounts and recent activities. Then we have downloaded the landing page and this signin page from the GitHub repo. Right. So now we have completed the front end of our social media scheduleuler application. After that we have to create our backend server where we'll create the APIs for each functionality. To create the backend server of our application let's come back to the VS code and let's close all the files. So right click close saved. And after that here in this root folder that is the project folder called social scheduleuler here we'll create a new folder. Let's click here create a new folder. So you can see we are creating it in the social scheduleuler and write the folder name server where we will create our backend server. Now right click on this server and select open in integrated terminal. So now we have two terminals. You can see we are in the server directory and in the another terminal we are in the client directory where the front end is running. Now let's come here in the server directory terminal and here we have to add the command to create our basic express server right to create the express server using typescript we have already provided the steps let me open the great stack github profile you can see the URL github.com/grastagdev here you will find the nodes let's open this nodes and in this one you will find basic express with type script. Let's open it. After that, here we have the a step-by-step guide to create a basic express server. So, first we have to create the server directory that we have already created. Navigate to this directory. After that add this command npm init-y. So, just copy and add it here. After that, let's come back. We have to add the dependencies here. So, so let's copy this command. npm install express course and env. Copy and paste it here. So, it will install these dependencies. After that, let's see the next ones. After that, we have to add these types and nodemon in the dev dependencies. So, just copy this, add it here, press enter. So it will install these dependencies in dev dependencies. After that let's come here. We have to create the tsconfig.json file. And in that one we have to add this configuration. But before that let me see our server folder. So I'll expand this server folder. Here you will find package.json. If I open package.json in this one you can see here we have the list of dependencies like course.env DNV and Express. Then we have the dev dependencies here that we have installed. Right after that, let's open the terminal. And in this terminal, we will add this command npx tsc- init. That will create the typescript config.json. So, copy this, add it here. After that, we have to update the configuration. So, simply copy this configuration. Open the VS code. Then open tsconfig.json file and we will clear everything from here and paste the configuration that you have copied. Save the changes. After that let's come back here. Here you can see we have to create our server file. So we will write the file name server.ts. So just copy this and in this server folder create a new file and write the file name server.ts. ts. Now in this one we will add this code. Just copy and paste it here. So in this one you can see we have added import env that will allow us to use the environment variable in this project. Then we have imported the express and type request response from this express package and imported course. Now we have created the app using this express. So we have created one app instance. After that here we have added app dot use to use the middleware where we have added the course and express dojson. So all the request will be passed using the course and express.json. Then we have defined the port right. So in this port you can see we have added process.env.port. So if it is available in the environment variable it will be used here. Else it will use 3,00 port number. Then we have added the first route or default route where you can see / request and response and the message is server is live. Here we'll add underscore because it is not used. So we can initialize it using underscore. That's it. So this is the first route. After that here we have the app do.listen listen and in this one provided the port and then console log that display the message like server is running at this URL that is localhost colon port so we have created a basic express server after that let's see the documentation again so after that we have to update our package dojson file so in the package dojson file we have to add new scripts that is a start server and build so just copy this three scripts Come here in the package dojson. In this package dojson you will see we have the scripts right in this scripts we have test. So let's remove it and provide this start server and build. So when we will write npm run server it will use the nodemon to start our project. Using that it will automatically restart our backend server when we make any changes in the project. After that you can see we have to add the type module. So by default the type is common JS. Let's see. You can see here we have the type common JS. So let's replace it. We will use the type module. Add the comma here. Save the changes. That's it. Now after that we can start our project using npm run server. So just copy this npm run server and open the terminal. So let's open the terminal. You can see we are in the server directory. Here we'll write npm run server and press enter. So it will start our backend server. You can see server is running at this URL. It means our server has been started. Let me hit our first route. So we have added slash and here when we hit this route using get method then it will send the message that is server is live. it will display this message. So let's try it. We will open the web browser here. Let's add localhost colon 5,000. Let me correct it. It will be 3,000. We have added the port 30,000. After that you can see the message server is live. Right? It means we have successfully created the basic express server. Next we have to add the MongoDB database integration so that we can store our data online. Right? For adding the MongoDB database, let me open web browser and search for MongoDB Atlas. Search for MongoDB Atlas and open this Atlas database. And after that you need to create an account here. So let me click on sign in and sign in with my existing account. So let's click on this Google icon. I'll continue with my Google account. After sign up, you need to create a project. So here you'll add the project name like social scheduleuler. Then click on next. Then create project. After that click on this button create. That will create a cluster. For creating the cluster, we need to choose the plan. So let me choose this third option which is the free plan. We will choose this free plan. Here we have the cluster name provider. So let me choose Google cloud for provider. And from this dropdown you can choose the nearest region and click on create deployment. After that it is asking to create a database user right. So let me use the simple username like create a stack. Then we will use the password that is autogenerated here or you can also add your own password but make sure to use the simple password. Do not use the special character like at the rate or has. So I'll keep the password simple like grad 23. After that click on this button create database user. After creating it let's click on this choose a connection method. Then choose this drivers and from this drop-down we will choose mongos. So we have selected mongus. After that here we have the steps install your driver. So we have to add npm install mongos. So just copy this one and after that we will open the vs code. Let's open the terminal. In this terminal the server is running. So just add control c to stop it. And here let's add npm install mongos. Press enter. So it will install the mongos package. After installation we can start the server using npm run server at this terminal. Now let's see the next step. So the next step is to copy this connection string. So we will add this connection string in the environment variable. So first let's create one environment variable where we will add this connection string. So just come back here. In this server let's create a new file and write the file name. In this one just add one environment variable name. So let's add mongodv uri. And in this mongodv uri we have to paste this connection string. So in this connection string you can see we have this username and this password right you can click here. So it will hide the password you need to type it manually. So let me show this password. So we can directly copy it from here. So let's copy this one and we have to copy from beginning till here where you can see mongodb.net. That's it. Remove this remaining part that is app name cluster zero. So just copy till here. and paste it here. You can see it is ending with this mongodb.net. That's it. After that, we will add slash and provide our project name. So, let me add one sort name for our project that is scheduleular. That's it. Now, after adding it, let me just come back here and click on done. So, we have added the connection string. Next, we have to add one more thing. In the left side you will find this security where you can see database and network access. Just click here. After that in the left side you will find IP access list. Click here. Then you can see here we have the edit option. I'll click on this edit option. And here we have to update the IP address. So just clear it and provide 0.0.0.0. zero. Click on confirm. So it will add this 00 IP address in the access list so that we can connect with our database from any IP address. So it is updating the status. Right now it is pending. So once it is active we can connect with our MongoDB database to store our data. Now it is active as you can see here. Now let's come back to the VS code. Here we have to create one configuration. So in this server folder create a new folder called config. In this config folder create a new file. So write the file name db dot ts. Now in this one we will import the mongus package. So just add import mongus from mongus and uh after that let's create one function. So we will write the function name connect dv equal to async arrow function. In this function first we'll create one event. So just add try catch block. In the try block we'll add mongus dot connection dot on. And here just add the event name connected. So when the database will get connected in this case we'll add this call back function. So just add a sync add function again. And in this function we will add console.log and provide the message here that is MongoDB connected. So we have registered one event and after that let's try to connect with our database. For that just add await. Again use the mongos dot connect method. In this connect method we have to provide the connection a string. So simply use the process env dot and the environment variable name. So copy this one paste it. Here we have added process. dnv dot mongodv uri right and uh here we'll add exclamation at the end now after that let's come here in the catch block here we'll add colon any and then provide the console dot error in this console error provide this error object after that simply add the process dot exit provide one. So we have created this function. Next we have to export this function from this file. So just copy this one here. We'll add export default connect DV. So now we can call this connect DV function in any other pages or code. Here we are getting the warning. Let me correct it. It will be exit. Now it is correct. Save the changes. After that let's call this function in our main file. So we will open server.ts. And in this one just after this app equal to express here we will add the comment that is database connection and then simply add await connect DV and import this connect DV and call it. You can see it has been imported from connect DV from dot / config folder/ DV.js file. Let's save the changes. And after that if I open the terminal again here in this terminal you will see the updated message. You can see the message MongoDB connected server is running at this URL. Right? It means we have successfully connected our project with MongoDB database. After that, let me hide this terminal. Here we'll create a global function that will handle any error on the server. Right? So here before this app.list, let me add the command that is global error handler. Then we will add app dot use and let's create one. Add a function here. Now in this function parameter we will get the error request response and next function. So just add the error using error and here we'll add the type any comma then we'll add the request colon and provide the request type. Then we'll add the comma provide response and provide the response type. Then comma provide the next it will be next function. So import the next function from express. You can see next function type has been imported from express. So here we have added error request response and next function. Now after that here let's add console dot error and uh provide this error. Then we will add response dot status and let's add the status 500. Then we will add dot send and in this send we will add the error. then dot response dot data dot message or we will simply add the error dot message. That's it. Now in this one this request and this next function is unused. Right? So here we will declared it using underscore and underscore. So these parameters are unused. So we have added underscore request next. So it will not create any issue while creating a build. So we have created the global error handler. Now after that let's create the folder structure for our backend server. So in this one in this server we will create the new folder and write the folder name called controllers. In this controllers folder we will create all the controller functions for different functionality. Right after that create new folder and write the folder name middleware. So in this middleares folder we will add all the middleware function. So middleware function are function that gets executed before executing our controllers. Right now let's create another folder in the server. So in this server create a new folder and write the folder name models. In this models folder, we'll create the models using mongus so that we can store our data in MongoDB database. Right after that, let's create another folder. Write the folder name routes. In this routes folder, we'll create the API routes. In the routes, we will define the path and we'll add the middleware and controller function that gets executed on particular routes. Right now after that we'll add one more folder. So in the server we'll create a new folder called services. So in this services folder we'll create the functions that gets executed in the background like we'll create theuling function that will get executed in the background. So we have added the services folder. So we have created the basic structure and uh basic express server connected it with the MongoDB database and added the global error handler function. Now let me commit these changes for now. So I'll click on this icon here. We'll add the message created basic express server commit link changes. After that open the GitHub profile. Let's click on this button compare and pull request. Create pull request and after creating the pull request the code rabbit will start analyzing our code. After reviewing the code by code rabbit you can see here we have the summary by code rabbit. Here we have the release note new features. So the code rabbit has created a beautiful summary for the new feature and uh after that let's scroll. You can see here all checks have passed right and then we have this merge pull request button. Just click on this button. Click on confirm merge. So it will merge the changes in the main branch. That's it. After that we can come here and click on this pull. So it will pull the latest changes. That's it. Now after creating the basic express server connected with the database. Now we'll create the APIs for user authentication. To create the authentication APIs, we have to store the user data in database. So first we'll start creating the model. Using that model, we can store the data in MongoDB database. So here you can see we have the models folder. In this one, we'll create a file and write the file name user.ts. Now in this user.ts we will import the mongus package. So just add import mongus from mongos. Then we'll add con user schema and uh we'll create this user schema using the mongus dot schema constructor and in this one we'll define the properties that will stored in the user data. So first we'll store the email. After that for this email let's set the type. So the type will be string. After that let's add comma provide the required it will be true. Then we will add unique and make it true. Then add comma. Here we'll add the next property. So just copy this paste it here. Let's add password. And in the password we will store type string required true. remove this unique. Then we have to store the name. So just copy this one, paste it here. We will add the name type will be a string and required true. After that here we have to add the jour. And uh in this one let's add type a string. After that here we'll add comma and provide another object and in this object just add the timestamp and let's make the time stamps true so that it will automatically store the creation date and time. Let me check this mongus dot es schema. So here we have to add new mongus schema right like this new mongus dots schema and using that we can create a newer schema that is the user schema after that we'll create the model so just add export con user equal to mongus dot model and write the model name. So the model name will be user and let's add the schema here. So just add comma and provide this user schema. So we have created this user model and exported it. Let's copy this and update this one. It is user schema. Save the changes. Now we can use this model in any controller file to store or update the user data. So let's create the controllers. So we will open this controllers folder and uh in this one we have to create a new file that will be ocontroller. So create a new file here with the name ocontroller.ts. In this o controller let's add a comment. Let's add register user. So here we have to create the controller function. Using that we can register a new user and for user registration we will use the method post. Then let me add the path also. So the API path will be / ai/register. We have added it in the comment. Now let's create our function. So I'll write export con and register user equal to create the async arrow function. In the function parameter we will get the request. So just add request and here we will get the type. So just add the request from express. It has been imported from the express. Now we'll add the comma here. After this request we'll add the response. So just add response colon and provide the type response from the express. It has been imported from express and uh after that here let's add colon provide the promise and uh let's add angle bracket and provide void. Now in this function simply add the try catch block. Now in this try block we will get the data from the request. So from the request we will get the name, email and password. Right? So let's add const name email password from request dobody. After that we will check the user exist or not in the database. So just add const user exist equal to await and use the user model. So let's add the user model from models folder. You can see user has been imported from the models folder. User dot js file. Let me remove this and add it here. We will move this comment. Now after that here we will add dot find one. In the find one, let me provide the email. So if there is any existing user with this email id, we will get the existing user here in this variable. So let's add the if statement. If user exist in this case we will send the response here. So just add response dot status 400 dot JSON and provide the message here. So let's add the message user already exist. Then we'll add return. So if the user already exist we will send this response that is user already exist and it will not create any new account. But suppose user does not exist in this case we have to create the account. It means we will create or store the user data in database. So we will store the name and email as it is but we will store the password in encrypted format. Right? So first we have to encrypt our password. For encryption we are going to use a package. So let's open the terminal and uh in this terminal the back end server is running. So just add Ctrl C and here we'll add npm install and then we'll add the package name brypt. Using this brypt package we will encrypt the user's password. After that here we will add one more package that is JSON web token. So just add a space JSON web token. Using this JSON web token, we can generate the token for the user authentication. Right? So we have added two packages here. Press enter. It will get installed. After that we have to install the types also. So here we'll add npm install dash d for the dev dependencies. And here we'll add at types/json web token. Then at types / bcrypt press enter. So it is also installed. Start the package again. I mean start the project again using npm run server. So now you can see server is running. Let's hide this terminal and you can see the package.json JSON file in this package.json. You can see here we have the decrypt and JSON web token. In the types also we have decrypt and JSON web token. Let's close it. And now we can use this package to encrypt the user's password before we store the password in database. So here let's import this package. We'll write import bcrypt from vryrypt. That's it. Let's come here and uh here first we have to create or generate one salt. So just add con salt variable equal to await. Then use the decrypt package dot gen. In this gen provide 10. After that, let's add const password equal to await and provide the brypt dot hash and then provide the password that we are getting from the request body and provide this salt. So we'll get the hashed password or encrypted password. Now we can store this password in database. So let's add con user equal to await and use the user model. So just add user from capital U then dot create and here we have to add the name then email then password. So in this password property we will store the as password. That's it. it will get created in database. After that let's add the if statement if user. So when the user gets created in this case let's add the response dot a status and write the status 2.1 then dot JSON in this JSON simply add the user data like underscore id colon user dot ID Okay. Then we'll add comma name. So the name will be user dot name. Then we will add comma email. In this email let's add the user dot email. After that we'll add token. Right? So let's add the token and here we have to generate the token. For that we will create a function right. So for now let me remove it and uh let's create the else statement here. So here we'll add the else and provide the response dot status 400. then dot JSON in this JSON we'll add the message that is invalid user data now come here in the catch block in this catch block let's add the response again just copy and paste it here we will add response dot status 500 then JSON message in this one just add error dot message and here we have to provide colon any like this. Then we'll add or and provide the message server error like this. Now let's create a function. Using that we can generate the token. So here we'll add con generate token equal to add a function. To generate the token we will provide the parameter here where we'll add the ID. So let's add the id colon string and then we'll add return and use JSON web token. So first we have to import it. Let's add import JWT from JSON web token. Then we'll add return JWT dot sign and uh provide the id then comma and provide the secret text. Right? To get the secret text we will use env file and here we will add one secret text. So in this one you can add u environment variable name like JWT secret equal to and add any secret number right so here we'll add any secret number text or anything you can write your own text right and uh after that let's come Here in this controller we will add process env secret let me see the name it is JWT secret and we have added the same here process env.jwt JWT secret. Now after that let's add all. If it is not available let's add the message fallback secret. Then we have to add the expiry time of this token. So just add comma curly braces expires in and let's set the expiry 30day like this. After that we can simply call this function and provide the argument that will be id right. So just come here in this if statement after providing this user email just add the comma and provide the token and in this token we will call this generate token function and provide user dot id dot to string. That's it. So we have created this controller using that user can create an account. After that we have to create another controller for user login. So let's add the comment again. Here we'll add comment called user login or login user. Then we'll add the method. It will be post path will be / ai/ login. Right? Then let me just copy the same function. I'll copy this entire function from here. Paste it here. In this function we will change the name. So the function name is login user equal to async function with request and response and promise void. Then we have added try catch. In this one we will get the email and password only. We will not get the name. For login we need email and password from request body. After that we have to find the user. So just add const user equal to await user model dotfind one using the email id. Right now after that let's add the if statement. If this user is available, if we get this user, right, then we'll add and await decrypt dot compare and provide the password that we are getting from the body and then we will add the user dot password. we will compare the password if the password is same. So in this case we will add response dojson and in this one we have to provide the user data. So let's add like this. We will copy this paste it here. We have added response dojson. Then underscore id is user dot id. then name user.name name then email user do email then token generate token user dot id to string right after that here we'll add the else statement like this we have added the else let's clear other code you can see now it is simple we are getting the email and password from body then we are finding this user from the database if the user is available then we are comparing the password if the password is same Then we have added this response right and uh after that we'll come here in the else statement. In this else statement we'll add response dot a status and uh in this status just add 4.1. After that we'll add dot JSON and in this JSON just add the message that is invalid email or password. That's it. Then we already have the catch block here. In this catch block we have the status 500 message error dot message and server error. So we have created the controller for user login and registration. After that using these controllers we have to create our API endpoint. It means we have to create the routes. So you can see here we have the routes folder. In the routes folder create a new file with the name ooutes.ts. ts. In this o routes ts we have to create the router using express we will write import router from the express package. Then we will generate the router. So just add con router equal to router. Now in this router we have to add our endpoint. So just add the o router dot post method. In the post method provide the path that is register and at this path we have to call our register user controller function. So register user controller function has been imported from the controllers ocontroller.js file. Now let's duplicate it. In the second one we will use the oouter.post and the path is / login. And here we'll use the controller called login user and import this login user from the same file. After that we have to export this router. So just add export default o router. Next we have to add this o router in our main file that is server.js file. So in this server js after this first route or default route here we'll add app dot use then provide our path. So the path will be / ai/ o and then add comma provide the o router. Now you can see the O router has been imported from the routes folder. O routes dojs file. That's it. So now we have created the API for user registration and user login. After creating the authentication API next we have to create the authentication for social media accounts. Right. In this project we are going to use JIO. Using that we can connect and automate social media accounts. Zero is a powerful social media automation platform that provides a unified API for developers and AI agents. We can use it to manage, schedule, publish and automate content across multiple social media platforms. It supports all popular social media platforms including Instagram, LinkedIn, X, Tik Tok, YouTube, Facebook, Reddit, and many more. Let's see the pricing page. So, you can use Zenu for free for up to two social media accounts, right? And you can find the sign up link in the description. So, just click on the link and get your free account. I'll click on this get started button. And let me continue with my Google account. After sign up, just click on this API keys. And here you will get the API keys. You can copy the default key from here or let me create a new one. I'll click on this create key button. And let me add any name. So let's write social scheduleuler. That is the project name. Full access and create key. Now we have the new API key. Just copy this API key and add it in the environment variable. So let me open the VS code. Then we will open ENV file. And here let's create a new environment variable. So let's add the environment variable name called ZIO API key. And here let's paste the key that we have just copied. After adding this key, let's see the setup. So let me come here and we will open the zero homepage or here also you can find this documentation link. I'll click here. So it will open docs.zo.com and here we have quick start. So you can see the first step we have to install the SDK using this npm install. So let's copy and open the VS code. Then open the terminal. In this terminal, the backend server is running, right? So, just add Ctrl C to a stop it. And then we can add our command. Let's add see and paste the command npm install at zero new/ node. After that, we can start the server again using npm run server. Hide this terminal. After that, let's see the next step. So we have to create the API key. So we have already created this. Then we have to set up the client. So we have to import zero and create a instance using this new zerneo. And in this one we have to provide the API key and base URL. So to create it we'll create a new configuration file in the VS code. So in this config folder create a new file and write the file name zuo.ts. Now in this one first we have to import the zero. So let's add import from at zero/ node. And here let's get zero. Next we have to create the instance. So let's add con zero equal to new zero. And uh in this one add the object where we'll add the API key property and the API key is available in the environment variable. So just add process dot env dot and provide this name API key. Then we'll add comma or let me add the or operator here. And here we will use this empty string. If it is not available, it will add empty string. Then we'll add the base URL. So in this base URL, we have to provide zero.com/api like this. Save the changes and export this file. I mean export this zero instance from this file. So just add export default zero. That's it. So we have created this configuration and uh after that we have to create the model right. So we already have the model folder here and in this model folder we have to create a new file. So let's add the file name account.ts. In this account ts file let's add the mongus package. Using this we have to create the schema. So let's add con account a schema equal to new mongus dot schema. Here we will define all the properties that we need to add in the account details. Right? So let's add the user property first. And for this user property we'll define the type. So we'll add type mongus dot a schema dot types dot object id and then we have to add the reference of our user model. So just add refer then add comma add the required property and make it true. After that we'll add the next one that is platform. Add curly braces. Here we will add the type a string then enum. In this enum we will add all the platform name. So let's add Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Facebook page, then LinkedIn page and Instagram business. Here also we'll use the required true. So add comma, then provide required true. After that we'll add the next one that is handle. So here let's add comma handle. It will be a string type required true. Then we'll add zero account id. In this one, let's add type a string. That's it. Then we'll add the access token. Type a string. Then we have to add refresh token. Type a string. Then token expires at type date. Then we'll add the a status. So in this status we'll add the type enum and default value. So the enum is connected and disconnected and the default value is connected. Then we'll add up url type a string. Then we have to add the time stamp also. So here we'll add another object and provide the timestamps and make it true. So it will automatically add the time and date. Next we have to create the model using this schema. So let's add export con account equal to mongus dot model and add the model name account and provide the schema after this comma. So here we have added the account schema. Now after creating this model we can create our controller right. So here you can see we have the controller folder. In this controller folder create a new file and write the file name social ocontroller ts. In this one we have to create the controller function. So let's add the comment first. We have added generate oorth authorization URL right. So here we have to add the another comment. Let's add the comment that will be method get and the path will be / ai/ platform. Here let's create the controller function with the name generate o url. So we have added export con generate o url equal to async arrow function. Now in this function parameter we will get the request and response. So let's add request, response. Now we have to add the types also. So here we'll add colon request and get it from the express. After that we'll add colon response and import it from express. We have added request response from express. Let's move it here at the first line. After that here we'll add colon promise then angle bracket. Here we will add string. Now in this function we will add the try catch block and uh in this try block let's add con platform equal to our request dot params. So in the request params we have to provide the platform name. As you can see in this API path we have the / API/ and the platform name. So we'll get it from the request.padams. After that here we have to get the profile ID. So first we have to create the profile if the profile is not available and if the profile is available we will get the profile ID. Right? For that we have to create a separate function that will create or fetch the profile ID. For that let's add a space here and here we'll add the comment that is helper to ensure user has a jourile. So just add con get or create zero profile equal to asynchronous add function. Now in this one we will get the user as parameter and provide the type any. Here also we'll add the colon promise and provide a string. In this one we have added promise a string and in this controller we have added promise and here we have to add wide. Let's correct it. And uh after that in this one let's add the try catch block. So in the try block let's add await zero and import it from the config. You can see it has been imported from config/zo.js file. Then we'll add dot profiles dot list profiles. So here we'll get the profile list. Let's add it in a variable. So just add const result equal to a weight. So here we'll get the list of profiles. After that let's add con data equal to result dot data then as any then we'll add the con profiles colon any array equal to array dot is array data then we'll add question mark here we'll use the data else data question mark dot profiles or data dot data or empty array. Now after that let's add the if statement. In this one just add the profiles dot length greater than zero. So it means we are getting the profiles in the array. So here just add const P id that is profile ID will be the profiles index0 dot underscore id or let's add the same thing here remove this underscore profiles index zero do ID now after that let's add await user Import this user model from the models folder. It has been imported from model/ user.js file. Then we'll add dot find by id and update. Then we will add the user dot id. This is the id. Then comma curly braces provide ju profile ID. it will be P id. So we will update the user data then we'll add the return and we will return the P id. So it will get the jourile if it is available right and else it will create that. So let's add const after this if statement we will add create result equal to await zero dot profiles dot create profile. In this create profile method, we have to provide the data in body property. Let's add the name. And in the name, let's add user.name. After that, we'll add or user dot email. Then we'll add workspace as any. After that let's add con created equal to just use create result dot data as any then question mark dot profile or we will add create result dot data then we will add const P ID equal to created dot id or created dot id. After that let's add if not of p id. In this case just add throw new error and provide the message failed to create journey profile no ID returned. After this if we'll add await user model dot find by id and update and uh here just add the user dot id then j profile id and provide the p id then return p id. Now come here in the catch block. In this catch block we'll add error colon any then provide the console dot error. In this console dot error we will add the error message that is get or create zero profile error and then provide comma and use this error dot message or error. Then we will add throw error. Save the changes. After creating this function, we can come here in the controller and uh here let's add con profile id equal to await and simply call our get or create jourile function and provide the argument here that will be request dot user. You can see here we're getting the warning in this user because this user is not available in this request. So we will add it by using a middleware and we will add that type here. So we will later update this request type. Now after that let's add const. In this const we'll add origin. So the origin will be our request dot headers dot origin. So from the request headers we'll get the origin. Then we'll add con redirect URL. Let's generate the redirect URL. It will be our origin. So insert it using this template lit and then slash path will be accounts. So it will redirect the users on accounts page. Now after that just add con result equal to await use zero that is already imported. Then dot connect dot get connect URL. In this get connect URL we have to add the path. So the path will be our object with platform property. In this platform just add platform as any. Then we'll add the query. And in this query also we will add the object. And here just add the profile ID. Then redirect URL. Just add redirect URL. It will be redirect URL. Now after that here simply add con data equal to our result dot data as any. Then we'll add the console log. So let's add console dot log and uh here we'll add the message that is get connect URL response then add the comma JSON dot a stringifi and provide the data comma null comma two. After that here we will add con URL equal to the data dot or URL. Then let's add the if statement. If not of author in this case we'll throw the error. So just add throw new error and provide the message journed no all URL then full response and to get the full response just add dollar sign curly braces and convert this quote in back text like this and let's add JSON dotring data let's copy copy and paste it here like this. Here we'll simply add the response dot JSON and uh in this one add the URL and this URL will be our O URL if it is available. It will be sent in the response. Now let's come here in the catch block. In this catch block we'll add the error type any. Then let's provide response dot a status and write the status 500. Then dot JSON in this one add the message. So the message will be error dot message or server error. So we have created this controller. Using that we can get the authentication URL so that we can authenticate our social media account. You can see here we have added generate oorthth authorization URL. After that we have to create our next controller. Our next controller function will sync the connected account with the database. So let me add the comment first that is sync connected accounts from zero into MongoDB. Then the API type will be get. It means the method will be get. The path will be / ai/sync. Now just add export const and provide the sync accounts function equal to a sync add a function and uh here again we'll get the request and response. So let me just copy this and paste it here. Then we'll add the colon promise and uh void. Now in this function we will add the try catch block. So let's add try catch. Now in this try block we'll add con profile id equal to await and use this get or create jourile using request dot user. Now after that just add const result equal to await and provide zero dot accounts dot list accounts. Here we will add the query. In this query, simply add profile ID as any. Now come here. Here let's add con data equal to our result dot data as any. Then we'll add con J accounts. It will be array. So just add colon any array then equal to the data dot accounts or array dot is array data. If it is true then it will provide data. Else it will provide empty array. Next we'll add con supported platforms equal to array and in this array let's add the name of the supported platforms like Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook and Instagram. After that let's add con synced accounts and provide the empty array. Then we'll add for and use const Z account that means Ju account of Ju accounts. Here we will find Z ID. So just add con zed id equal to this z account dot id or z account dot id. Then we'll add the if statement if not of z id. In this case, let's add console world and uh provide the message a skipping account with no ID. Then add comma and provide the Z account. Then let's add continue. Now let's add another statement here. We will add const raw platform equal to Z account dot platform or Z account dot type or empty string dot two lower case. Next we'll add con normalized platform equal to supported platforms dot find add the arrow function with the platform in the parameter and then we'll add the raw platform dot includes and in the includes simply add this t. After that just add the if statement. In this if statement, let's add not of normalized platform. In this case, just add the message again from here. Copy and paste it here. We will add console dot log and provide a skipping unsupported platform. Then we'll add back text here. Let's convert it in back tick. And this one also. And within this back tick only let's add this double quote. And here just add dollar sign curly braces. And uh after that let's provide the raw platform. Here we have added the continue also. Now after that here we will add const account equal to a weight and we will use the account model. Let's scroll up. You can see the account model has been imported from model/ac account.js file. And uh after that let's add dot find one and update. In this find one and update. First we have to add one object. In this object let's add ju account id colon z id. Then we will add another object. So we will update these data right. So here in this second one let's add the user it will be request dot user id after that let's add platform it will be normalized platforms. Then we'll add handle. So it will be Z account dot username Z account dot name Z account dot handle or unknown. After that we'll add zero account id. So it will be Z id. Then we have to add the status. So let's add the status connected. And then we will add avatar URL. It will be Z account dot oft URL or Z account dot picture or Z account dot profile image URL. Right now after that we'll add another object. So just add comma object and here we'll add up absert and provide true then comma return document. In this return document, let's add after after that here let's add sync accounts dot push and let's add the account. Now after that here we will add response dot JSON and uh in this one let's add the synced account. Now come here in the catch block here we'll add colon any and then we'll add the response dot a status 500 then we'll add dot JSON where we'll add the error dot message or server error here we are getting this warning right here we have some mistake we have added sync accounts so it should be synced account like this if I come here you can see We have created this variable synced accounts array right. So simply copy this and add it here synced accounts.pus and add it here in this response dojson also. Now save the changes. After that we are getting the warning in this request do user and here also in this request do user because in the request we don't have the user property. So we have to add it using the middleware. But before creating the middleware, let me complete the route for these controllers. So to create the route, let's open the sidebar. In this routes folder, create a new file and write the file name social routes ts file. In this one, we have to create the router. So import the express package. Then we will add con social or router equal to express dot router. Now in this router we have to add endpoints. So let's add this to social or router dot get method. And in this get method provide the path. So the path will be colon platform/ URL. After that we'll add comma generate o url controller function. So this function has been imported here from controller/controller.js file. Now let's duplicate it. In the second one, we will use the get method again. Here we'll add the path that will be / sync. And when we get this API route, we have to execute the controller function that will be sync accounts. So the sync accounts function has been imported. Correct. Now let's export this router from here. So let's add export default and provide this social router. Now after that we have to add this social or router in our main file that is server.ts file. So we will open server.ts. And uh here we have the route. Let's add the another one. Here we will add app dot use. Then we have to provide the path here. So the path will be / API/ oaths. We have added / API/ oath. Then we will add the social o router. So just add social or router and import it from this path routes folder social or routes.js file. So here we have added this path. Now after that we have to create our middleware. So you can see we have the server folder here. In this one we will create a middleware folder. So we have already created the middleware folder. So in this middleware folder we will simply create a new file. So let's add the new file here and write the file name O middlewares or O middleware.ts. Now in this o middleware.ts we have to create a function that will protect our route. So let's add export const equal to async arrow function. Now in this function parameter let's add request and here we have to add the request type. So let's define the request type. Here we will add export interface or request extends request from the express. So this request from express has been imported and uh in this one we will add the user property question mark dot any let me add colon. So we have added a new property in this author request and let's provide this o request here. After that we'll use the response. So just add RDS and then we'll add the response from the express. So import it from the express. After that we have to add the next function. So let's add comma next and provide next function and import the next function from express. After that here we have to add the variable we'll add let token then we'll add the if statement if request dot headers dot authorization and request do headers dot authorization dot starts with and provide be error It means we have the token and it is starting with beer. Then we'll add the try catch block. So just add try catch and provide the token here equal to the request dot headers dot authorization dot split and we have to split using empt
<truncated 112990 bytes>

NOTE: The output was truncated because it was too long. Use a more targeted query or a smaller range to get the information you need.